1616535 - Secure configuration of ICM for the ABAP application server

**Symptom**
You want to make the configuration of the Internet Communication Manager (ICM) for the ABAP application server more secure.

**Other Terms**
Security, ICM, Internet Communication Manager, logon, error pages

**Reason and Prerequisites**
If errors occur, the ICM and the ABAP application server provide the user with detailed information about the server version and the possible reason for the error. Malicious users can use this information for attacks.

**Solution**
Use the following settings to reduce the server information to a minimum:

- Set the parameter `is/HTTP/show_server_header` to `FALSE`. When you change this, the "Server:" header field is no longer set in HTTP responses.
- Set the parameter `is/HTTP/show_detailed_errors` to `FALSE`. After you do this, the system does not return any details about the error to the client.

Alternatively, configure your own error pages to ensure that the system does not provide the technical reason for the error to the end user; to do this, set `icm/HTTP/error_templ_path = /usr/sap/B6M/D13/data/icmerror` and create your own error pages.

If you want to obtain additional security improvements when using the ABAP application server, use the following recommendations:

- Always keep the level of the ABAP application server current.
- Use only HTTPS for communication between the browser and the application server.
- Refer to the list of [related notes](https://me.sap.com/servicessupport/knowledge/).

**Download and Resources**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017284932017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001616535?language=en-US&token=C677D52BC373C26E9DEDBAFA6EB3D33C)

Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provided information.