SAP Security Note 2069676 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in SAP HANA Web-based Development Workbench

**Description**

### Symptom

SAP HANA Web-based Development Workbench can be abused by an attacker, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

**CVSS Information**
- **CVSS Base Score:** 4.3
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:N/C:N/I:P/A:N

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

### Reason and Prerequisites

The API interface within the SAP HANA Web-based Development Workbench does not sufficiently encode output parameters, resulting in a reflected cross-site scripting issue. A reflected cross-site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a website.

The SAP HANA Web-based Development Workbench is only vulnerable if it is running in unsupported web browsers, which do not adhere to Internet standards and execute content-type "text/plain" as JavaScript, and the victim has a valid user account with `sap.hana.xs.ide.roles::Developer` or `sap.hana.xs.ide.roles::EditorDeveloper`.

Reflected cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

### Solution

A potential attack can only be successful if the prerequisites described above are met (users with the respective privileges exist and the versions of the web browsers used to access the SAP HANA Web-based Development Workbench cannot be assured). If these prerequisites are met, then you should update to **HANA revision 83 or later**.

To further increase the security level, the output encoding has been improved with SAP HANA Web-based Development Workbench 1.8.5, which is part of **HANA revision 83**.

**Download for SNOTE:** [https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017946562017](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017946562017)

**PDF Version:** [https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002069676?language=en-US&token=D3A0D2D979C69559CA373CADE9C3ECE6](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002069676?language=en-US&token=D3A0D2D979C69559CA373CADE9C3ECE6)

For more information and updates, visit [SAP Support Portal](https://me.sap.com/).

*Credits: [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*