SAP Security Note 2233550 - Communication encryption for HANA multi tenant database containers does not work as expected

**Description**

### Symptom
The communication encryption in the SAP HANA multi tenant database container feature does not work as expected. Specifically, in SAP HANA revisions 100-102.01 (SPS10), an error in the implementation results in no authentication/encryption being performed for tenant services in "high isolation" mode. This affects only the communication within the services of a tenant and the cross-database access in a SAP HANA multi tenant database container system. If TLS/SSL protection for internal communication is enabled (parameter [communication] SSL is set to systemPKI), communication among tenant services will be encrypted, but there is no protection against unauthorized connections by other tenants on the same database. Other communication channels of the SAP HANA system are not affected.

### CVSS Information
- **CVSS Base Score:** 5.8 / 10
- **Vector:** 
  - **AV:** Adjacent (A)
  - **AC:** High (H)
  - **Au:** None (N)
  - **C:** Complete (C)
  - **I:** Partial (P)
  - **A:** Partial (P)

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not account for your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you should conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://me.sap.com/support/sfm/notes).

### Solution
The issue has been fixed with revision **102.02**. It is recommended to update to this or later revisions.

**Note:** SAP HANA SPS11 is not affected. SAP HANA systems in single tenant mode (without SAP HANA multi tenant database container installation) are not affected.

**Actions**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000018192512017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002233550?language=en-US&token=C6D333981D52B09446FB2DCF4352A435)
- [Edit Note](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/notes/edit/0002233550)

**Support Package Patch**
- **Software Component Version:** SAP HANA DATABASE 1.00
- **Support Package:** SP102
- **Patch Level:** 000002
- [View Patch Details](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/swdc/notes?cvnr=01200615320200017790&support_package=SP102&patch_level=000002)

**Validity**
- **Software Component:** HDB
- **From Version:** 1.00
- **To Version:** 1.00

*Credits to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provision of this information.*