1428117 - Security Note: Introducing WSDL security in Java AS 7.20

## Description

### Symptom
WSDL security was introduced in SAP Java AS 7.20 SP0, providing authentication control to access a WSDL via HTTP. As of 7.20 SP3, this was extended with authorization control as well, requiring UME roles "Administrator", "WSDL_Viewer", or any other role with the assigned action "WSDL_Visualization" to access WSDLs via HTTP.

**NOTE:** By default, WSDL security is disabled. This guarantees backward compatibility and avoids side effects on already running scenarios.

### Other Terms
- SAP Java AS
- WSDL security
- Authorization
- Authentication
- WSDL_Viewer
- WSDL_Visualization
- Property

### Reason and Prerequisites
_No prerequisites specified._

### Solution
1. **Upgrade SAP Java AS** to version 7.20 SP03 or a subsequent version.
2. **Enable or disable WSDL security** by setting the `wsdl.security` property of the Web Service Container to `true` or `false`. Follow these steps:
    1. Log on to the [SAP NetWeaver Administrator](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/edit/0001428117) and navigate to **Configuration Management** → **Infrastructure** → **Java System Properties**. The Java System Properties screen will open.
    2. In the Details area, select the **Services** tab.
    3. Choose the **Web Services Container** service. You can also filter the list of services by entering "Web Services Container" in the search field.
    4. In the Properties area, select the `wsdl.security` property and modify its value:
        - Click **Modify**.
        - Enter `true` to enable WSDL security or `false` to disable it in the custom value field.
        - Click **Set**.
        - To confirm, click **Save**.

## Download
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000016958522017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001428117?language=en-US&token=2A980CF3C42BF88F3E71E4047070920A)

## References
- [1416467 - WSDL security concept in Java AS 7.20](https://me.sap.com/notes/1416467)

Credits to [Redrays](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provided information.