2510269 - Information disclosure vulnerability in SAP NetWeaver Mobile Client

### Description

**Symptom**

Truststore key file was getting saved in the local directory of NetWeaver Mobile Client, which could be decrypted and used for manipulating the Custom Certificates.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS v3 Base Score:** 3.8 / 10
- **CVSS v3 Base Vector:**
  - **Attack Vector (AV):** Local (L)
  - **Attack Complexity (AC):** Low (L)
  - **Privileges Required (PR):** Low (L)
  - **User Interaction (UI):** None (N)
  - **Scope (S):** Changed (C)
  - **Confidentiality Impact (C):** None (N)
  - **Integrity Impact (I):** Low (L)
  - **Availability Impact (A):** None (N)

_SAP provides this CVSS v3 base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://support.sap.com/securitynotes)._

**Other Terms**

NetWeaver Mobile Client, 7.11 NetWeaver Mobile Client SP 15 Patch 01, Data Orchestration Engine (DOE)

### Reason and Prerequisites

**Reason:**

Truststore key file was getting saved under the local directory of the NetWeaver Mobile client folder.

**Prerequisites:**

You are using NetWeaver Mobile Client 7.11 SP16 Patch 00 or below.

### Solution

Code changes have been made to adapt to a more secure encryption method. The truststore master key is no longer stored in the local directory of SAP NetWeaver Mobile Client.

Fix is available from 7.11 SP15 Patch 01 onwards.

**Upgrade the client to the above version or higher.**

### References

- [2154086 - Client Installer](https://me.sap.com/notes/2154086)

### Support Package Patches

- **NW MOBILE CLIENT SETUP 7.11 SP015 Patch Level 000001**
  - [Download Patch](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/swdc/notes?cvnr=01200615320200012371&support_package=SP015&patch_level=000001)

### Download Links

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000019858612017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002510269?language=en-US&token=8382DEFEC63316E5665EAEE804F10D31)

### Affected Software Components

- **NWMCLIENTSETUP:** Versions from 7.11 to 7.11

---

*Credits to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for support and provided information.*