1506243 - Unauthorized usage of application functionality in QM

**Symptom**

A malicious user can trigger functionality in QM without authentication and authorization.

**Other Terms**

Cross-Site Request Forgery, XSRF, QM

**Reason and Prerequisites**

QM executes certain functions through referencing specific URLs. When an attacker tricks an authenticated user's browser into making a request containing a certain URL and specific parameters, the function is executed with the rights of the user.  
If present, the attacker may use a Cross Site Scripting attack to trigger the exploit, or use an approach in which a link to click is presented to the victim.

**Solution**

1. Refer to [SAP Note 1481392](https://me.sap.com/notes/1481392) for additional information and instructions. The corrections from SAP Note 1481392 are a prerequisite for the implementation of this note.
2. Implement the correction instructions of this note. This will also create the report `ITS_XSRF_PARAM_QM` in your system.
3. Execute the report `ITS_XSRF_PARAM_QM` and specify a corresponding transport request number when requested. The report will add service parameters for the adapted ITS services (maintained via the GUI configuration pushbutton for a service within transaction SICF).

**Actions**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000008924052017)
- [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001506243?language=en-US&token=F858DB9025DB7FB2FC5295006A413B7B)
- Share by Email
- Open in New Window

**Credits**

Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.