SAP Security Note 3084937 - [CVE-2021-38183] Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) Vulnerability in CMS Service of SAP NetWeaver

**Title:** 3084937 - [CVE-2021-38183] Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) Vulnerability in CMS Service of SAP NetWeaver

**Symptom**

SAP NetWeaver does not sufficiently encode user-controlled inputs, allowing an attacker to cause a potential victim to supply malicious content to a vulnerable web application. This content is then reflected back to the victim and executed by the web browser, resulting in a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability.

**Other Terms**

- XSS
- Reflected XSS
- CVE-2021-38183

**Reason and Prerequisites**

The service `/sap/bc/cms` was delivered in error. This service is not intended to be used in SAP NetWeaver environments.

**Solution**

The correction will withdraw the vulnerable service, effectively terminating the request with an EXIT statement. 

**Recommended Actions:**
1. **Implement the Correction Instructions:** Follow the detailed correction instructions provided in this SAP Note.
2. **Apply the Relevant Support Package:** Install the Support Package mentioned in this SAP Note.
3. **Workaround:** As an immediate measure, you should deactivate `/sap/bc/cms` using transaction SICF.

**CVSS Information**

- **Score:** 5.4
- **Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:C/C:N/I:L/A:L

**Actions**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000001453712021)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0003084937?language=en-US&token=6879BAB945F72CB5DDD89EF89191B0C0)

For more details and additional resources, visit the [SAP Security Notes](https://me.sap.com/).

*Credits to [RedRays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provision of this information.*