SAP Security Note 2254648 - Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in KM People Finder

**Symptom**

KM People Finder does not sufficiently encode user-controlled inputs, resulting in a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability.

Some well-known impacts of XSS vulnerability include:
- Non-permanently defacing or modifying displayed content from a website
- Stealing authentication information of the user, such as data relating to their current session
- Impersonating the user and accessing all information with the same rights as the target user

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS v3 Base Score:** 6.1 / 10
- **Attack Vector (AV):** Network (N)
- **Attack Complexity (AC):** Low (L)
- **Privileges Required (PR):** None (N)
- **User Interaction (UI):** Required (R)
- **Scope (S):** Changed (C)
- **Confidentiality Impact (C):** Low (L)
- **Integrity Impact (I):** Low (L)
- **Availability Impact (A):** None (N)

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Pages within KM People Finder do not sufficiently encode INPUT parameters, resulting in a reflected cross-site scripting issue. A reflected XSS attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a website. Additionally, it can steal another user's authentication information, potentially allowing an attacker to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

**Solution**

Implement the Support Packages and Patches referenced by this SAP Note.

You can download the necessary updates and view the PDF version of this note using the following links:
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000018223872017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002254648?language=en-US&token=04938645833002EDFFC10D5E49ED8D24)

**Software Components Affected**

This vulnerability affects the following software components:
- KMC-CM versions 7.00 to 7.02
- KMC-CM version 7.30
- KMC-CM version 7.31
- KMC-CM version 7.40
- KMC-CM version 7.50

For detailed support package patches, please refer to the [Support Package Patches](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/notes/edit/0002254648) section of this note.

**Credits**

Thanks to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the information provided.