2255588 - Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio

## Symptom

SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio does not sufficiently encode user-controlled inputs, resulting in a Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability.

Some well-known impacts of XSS vulnerability are:

- Non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a website
- Steal authentication information of the user, such as data relating to their current session
- Impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user

## CVSS Information

**CVSS v3 Base Score:** 6.1 / 10  
**CVSS v3 Base Vector:**

| Metric                           | Value               |
|----------------------------------|---------------------|
| Attack Vector (AV)               | Network (N)         |
| Attack Complexity (AC)           | Low (L)             |
| Privileges Required (PR)         | None (N)            |
| User Interaction (UI)            | Required (R)        |
| Scope (S)                        | Changed (C)         |
| Confidentiality Impact (C)       | Low (L)             |
| Integrity Impact (I)             | Low (L)             |
| Availability Impact (A)          | None (N)            |

SAP provides this CVSS v3 base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://support.sap.com/securitynotes).

## Reason and Prerequisites

Pages within SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio do not sufficiently encode input parameters, resulting in a reflected cross-site scripting issue. A reflected cross-site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a website.

Reflected cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

## Solution

Install one of the following versions:

- SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio 1.5 SP 2 Patch 1
- SAP BusinessObjects Design Studio 1.6 SP 1 or higher

You can download the necessary patches and updates from the following links:

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000018225042017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002255588?language=en-US&token=5A3F6E90412435D62925B5E803028667)

For more information and support, visit [SAP Support](https://me.sap.com/).

*Credits to [https://redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*