SAP Security Note 1516432 - Directory Traversal in MaxDB CCMS

**Title:** Directory Traversal in MaxDB CCMS  
**SAP Note Number:** 1516432  
**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 14.12.2010  
**Component:** Basis Components > Database Interface, Database Platforms > MaxDB

### Description
**Symptom:**  
The MaxDB CCMS contains a security gap that enables a malicious user to read all files with the file name extension `.trc` on the database host and disclose confidential information under certain circumstances.

**Other Terms:**  
Directory, traversal, MaxDB, liveCache, CCMS

**Reason and Prerequisites:**  
The MaxDB CCMS fails to limit the read access to files with the file name extension `.trc` to the valid path. The malicious user must have authorizations to execute the CCMS and may read all files with the file name extension `.trc` on the database server and disclose their contents.

### Solution
Perform an upgrade to the following SAP NetWeaver Support Packages:

- SAP NetWeaver 7.00 Support Package 23
- SAP NetWeaver 7.01 Support Package 08
- SAP NetWeaver 7.02 Support Package 06
- SAP NetWeaver 7.10 Support Package 12
- SAP NetWeaver 7.11 Support Package 06
- SAP NetWeaver 7.20 Support Package 04
- SAP NetWeaver 7.30 Support Package 02

Other SAP NetWeaver versions except for the ones listed above are not affected.

**Until the upgrade is performed, ensure that only database administrators have access to the MaxDB CCMS.**

### Download and Resources
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000008990222017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001516432?language=en-US&token=575AFE48566F43622C88332F5BB85C19)

### Manual Activities
To enhance security, remove the menu entry "Trace Directory":

1. Call transaction SE41 and enter the following:
   - **Program:** `RSADA_SQLDBC_CONS`
   - **Status:** `100`
2. Choose "Change".
3. Under "Menu Bar → Goto", remove the line "CONFIG Trace Directory".
4. Under "Function Keys", remove the line "CONFIG Trace Directory".
5. Save and activate the changed interface.

### Correction Instructions
- **Number of Correction Instructions:** 6
- **Manual Activities Required:** Yes

### Valid Software Components
- **SAP_BASIS:** Versions 700 to 702, 710 to 730

### Additional Information
For more details, visit the [SAP Support Portal](https://me.sap.com/notes/1516432).

*Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.*