2066851 - Missing authority-check vulnerability in the OCS functionality (Support Package Manager / Add-On Installation Tool)

**Symptom**
The OCS functionality (Support Package Manager / Add-On Installation Tool) contains code that may permit the execution of program code without proper authorization. An attacker can modify the system's behavior without having legitimate credentials.

**Other Terms**
authority-check, run, credentials, Support Package Manager, Add-On Installation Tool

**Reason and Prerequisites**
The program code allows the execution of code without proper authorization, enabling the alteration of system behavior. A valid user with RFC abilities is required. Additionally, the attacker must have detailed knowledge of OCS internal table structures.

Depending on the code, the user can:
- Run code without being authorized to.
- Obtain additional information that should not be displayed.
- Modify data, delete data.
- Modify the output of the system.

**Solution**
This issue is fixed with the following SPAM/SAINT Updates. Apply the SPAM/SAINT Updates with the specified (or higher) versions as soon as possible.

- **R/3 Release 4.0B and 4.5B:** SPAM/SAINT Update - Version 0053
- **R/3 Release 4.6:** SPAM/SAINT Update - Version 0057
- **R/3 Release 6.20 - 7.40:** SPAM/SAINT Update - Version 0055

[Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017942462017)

[PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002066851?language=en-US&token=5632F3D0B228B131BF3D4800061CCBC5)

**Validity**
This note is applicable to the following software components and versions:
- **SAP_APPL:** 40B to 40B, 45B to 45B
- **SAP_BASIS:** 46B to 46D, 620 to 640, 700 to 702, 710 to 730, 731 to 731, 740 to 740

**Credits**
Credits to [Redrays](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.