2199045 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in BC-SRV-KPR

**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 2  
**Recency:** New  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** Correction with medium priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 08.09.2015  
**Component:** Basis Components > Basis Services/Communication Interfaces > Knowledge Provider > Document Management Framework

### Description

#### Symptom

BC-SRV-KPR can be abused by an attacker, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

#### Other Terms

Reflected cross-site scripting, XSS, BC-SRV-KPR

#### Reason and Prerequisites

Pages within BC-SRV-KPR do not sufficiently encode OUTPUT parameters, resulting in a reflected cross-site scripting issue. A reflected cross-site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a Web site.

Reflected cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

#### Solution

Implement the code corrections shipped in this SAP Note. Alternatively, implement the Support Package mentioned in this SAP Note.

**Actions:**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000013319812017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002199045?language=en-US&token=BC362B964FF55C0A5A683A6EABBBFC4A)
- [Share by Email](https://me.sap.com/notes/2199045/S)
- [Open in New Window](https://me.sap.com/notes/2199045/OpenNewWindow)

---

Credits to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for providing support in compiling this information.