1530532 - Security Optimization for Groupware Integration

## Symptom

You want to improve security levels when using server-based Groupware Integration.

## Other Terms

- Server-based Groupware Integration
- Groupware Connector
- HTTPS
- Authorizations
- sGWI

## Reason and Prerequisites

- Missing HTTPS support for communication between Groupware Connector and SAP CRM server.
- Missing details on required minimum authorizations.

## Solution

Please follow the steps below and refer to the referenced note:

1. **Download the latest Groupware Connector installation** from the [Service Marketplace](https://me.sap.com/servicessupport/software-download/installations-and-upgrades/search?term=Groupware%20Connector) and follow the instructions in the installation guide.

2. **Use a technical user with the minimum authorization profile required**: please refer to [SAP Note 1529597](https://me.sap.com/notes/1529597) for details.

3. **Switch to HTTPS protocol for communication between SAP CRM and the Groupware Connector**:
   - **For integration with Microsoft Exchange**:
     - Install certificates in the Trust Store of the server running the Groupware Connector. Your system administrator should assist with this following standard procedures for installing certificates in a Microsoft environment.
   - **For integration with Lotus Domino**:
     - Implement a certificate in the Java Virtual Machine (JVM). Your system administrator should assist with this following standard procedures for creating certificates in JVM.

4. **Additional Security Considerations**:
   - **Integration with Microsoft Exchange**:
     - The Groupware Connector communicates with the proxy via Distributed Component Object Model (DCOM). Consider using the NT LAN Manager version 2 (NTLMv2) protocol to secure communication.
   - **Integration with Lotus Domino**:
     - The Groupware Connector communicates with the proxy via Remote Method Invocation (RMI). To further secure communication, consider running both components in a protected network area or establishing a Secure Virtual Private Network (VPN) connection between the Groupware Connector and the proxy.

## References

- [SAP Note 1532777 - Collective Note: ABAP Session Protection Recommendations](https://me.sap.com/notes/1532777)
- [SAP Note 1529597 - Restricting authorization in CRM-MW-GWI](https://me.sap.com/notes/1529597)

## Downloads

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017133522017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001530532?language=en-US&token=C98A370B8AE4707434DCE31D9AD720A1)

## Additional Information

- **Released On**: 08.11.2011
- **Component**: CRM-MW-GWI (Customer Relationship Management > Middleware > Groupware Integration)
- **Recency**: New
- **Priority**: Correction with high priority
- **Status**: Released for Customer

Credits: [Red Rays](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.