3543274 - [CVE-2025-26654] Potential information disclosure vulnerability in SAP Commerce Cloud (Public Cloud)

### Symptom

SAP Commerce Cloud (Public Cloud) does not allow disabling unencrypted HTTP (port 80) entirely, but instead allows a redirect from port 80 to 443 (HTTPS). As a result, Commerce normally communicates securely over HTTPS. However, the confidentiality and integrity of data sent on the first request before the redirect may be impacted if the client is configured to use HTTP and sends confidential data on the first request before the redirect.

### Other Terms

Information Exposure, Information Leak, HTTP/HTTPS, port 80, [CVE-2025-26654](https://www.cve.org/CVERecord/SearchResults?query=CVE-2025-26654)

### Reason and Prerequisites

SAP Commerce Cloud in the Public Cloud does not allow customers to completely disable port 80 and thus force all initial connections to use HTTPS / port 443. Instead, a redirect from port 80 to 443 is supported, to ensure requests to port 80 are upgraded to secure communication. This can, however, expose confidential data, such as personal data or credentials, **if the client sends requests via plain HTTP that contain such data before a redirect**. If the client is configured to do so repeatedly, it may expose data on other requests as well.

**In a browser context** this should not happen after the initial redirect, if all elements of the website use TLS or if the browser is instructed via HTTP Strict Transport Security (HSTS) to always initiate communication over TLS. Many browsers will also attempt to access a website via TLS first and the initial requests would usually not send confidential data but instead load static resources of the website.

However, **any code that calls SAP Commerce APIs via a predefined URL**, such as backend systems integrating with SAP Commerce, could consistently do so via HTTP if configured that way and if handling redirects without crashing. In such cases, the requests sent by the client may leak confidential information such as credentials or personal data.

### Solution

A new option is introduced in Cloud Portal that allows disabling the exposure of port 80 to the public internet for incoming traffic. **To ensure compatibility and avoid disruptions, the default setting continues to use a redirect from port 80 to 443**, as completely disabling HTTP without a redirect could potentially break existing customer systems and links.

This new option is available through a checkbox on the [environment properties page within Cloud Portal](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_COMMERCE_CLOUD_PUBLIC_CLOUD/899e2c912b1a4a56b394fc2e1ee698df/ade091755293442185de80372d96d801.html). Users can disable or re-enable port 80/HTTP by selecting or deselecting this checkbox. The option is accessible both when creating a new environment and when editing an existing one. For detailed guidance, please refer to the documentation [here](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_COMMERCE_CLOUD_PUBLIC_CLOUD/899e2c912b1a4a56b394fc2e1ee698df/ade091755293442185de80372d96d801.html).

### CVSS

- **Score:** 6.8
- **Vector:** [CVSS:3.0/AV:A/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N](https://www.first.org/cvss/calculator/3.0#CVSS:3.0/AV:A/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:N)

---

Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.