1539605 - Potential false redirection of Web site content in Portal

**SAP Security Note 1539605: Potential false redirection of Web site content in Portal**

**Description**

Portal sub-frames can be exploited for phishing attacks by allowing malicious users to publish URLs that appear to originate from the product, redirecting victims to URLs chosen by the attacker. This enables attackers to falsely gain the trust of victims and elicit private data, such as authentication information.

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Some portal pages enable cross-domain redirection. Malicious users can include URLs from different domains in a URL sent to users of the target application. Users may believe the content is from the target application, but it is actually delivered from a malicious domain. This allows attackers to mimic pages of the target application (e.g., login pages) to deceive users into disclosing sensitive information. Mitigation involves restricting redirections to relative or local domains only.

**Solution**

In Internet Explorer 6, the default security setting for **'Navigate sub-frames across different domains'** (under Miscellaneous) is enabled. Customers should consider changing this setting to **'Disabled'** to block potential attacks or to **'Prompt'** to have users decide whether to allow navigation. This attack is not possible in later releases of Internet Explorer or other browsers supported by SAP.

**Download Links**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017149112017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001539605?language=en-US&token=C92110EF2588D5CF296E52D426D959DE)

*Credits: [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the information provided.*