SAP Security Note 3136094 - [CVE-2021-44228] Remote Code Execution Vulnerability in SAP Digital Manufacturing Cloud for Edge Computing

**Symptom**

SAP DMC Edge utilizes a version of the Apache Log4j 2 component that is vulnerable to Remote Code Execution (CVE-2021-44228, CVE-2021-45046).

**Other Terms**

- SAP Digital Manufacturing Cloud
- SAP Digital Manufacturing Cloud for Edge Computing (DMC Edge)
- Command Injection
- Remote Code Execution
- Log4j2
- CVE-2021-44228
- CVE-2021-45046

**Reason and Prerequisites**

You are operating an SAP Digital Manufacturing Cloud solution and have deployed SAP Digital Manufacturing Cloud for Edge Computing (DMC Edge) as part of your infrastructure.

**Solution**

**Upgrade to the Latest Hotfix**

Please upgrade to the latest hotfix solution as specified in this note by following the manual activities outlined below.

**Solution Version to be Upgraded:**  
13.1.0-20211230164600 or above

**Upgrade Steps:**

1. Navigate to the [DMC Cloud Fiori Launchpad](https://me.sap.com/) where the Edge node is configured.
2. Access the **Edge Lifecycle Management** tile.
3. Select the relevant Edge node.
4. Upgrade the DMC Edge solution installed on the Edge Device.

   - **Note:** Complete steps 3 and 4 for all configured Edge Nodes.

5. If multiple DMC Cloud Fiori Launchpads are in use, repeat steps 1 through 4 for each cloud instance.

**CVSS Details**

- **CVSS Score:** 10.0
- **CVSS Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H

**Components Affected**

The following software components are affected:

| Software Component                 | From | To |
|------------------------------------|------|----|
| CTNR-DME-ASSEMBLY-MS               | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-DATACOLLECTION-MS         | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-DEMAND-MS                 | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-INVENTORY-MS               | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-LABOR-MS                   | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-NUMBERING-MS               | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-WORKINSTRUCTION             | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DMC-DATASYNC-MS                 | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DMC-OEE-MS                      | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CNTR-DME-ONBOARDING-MS               | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-PLANT-MS                     | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-PODFOUNDATION-MS             | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-PRODUCT-MS                   | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-PRODUCTION-MS                 | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR-DME-REO-MS                        | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR_FND_MACHINE_MODEL_MS              | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR_FND_PROC_ENG_MNT_MS                | 1.0  | 1.0|
| CTNR_DM_FND_PROCESSENGINE               | 1.0  | 1.0|

**Additional Information**

- **Released On:** January 11, 2022
- **Priority:** HotNews
- **Release Status:** Released for Customer
- **Category:** Program Error
- **Language:** English

**Attachments**

No attachments are available for this security note.

**References**

No references are provided in this security note.

**Side Effects**

This document does not report any side effects caused or solved by applying this security note.

**Credits**

Thanks to [Redrays](https://redrays.io) for supporting and providing the information.