3137191 - [CVE-2022-22541] Information Disclosure vulnerability in SAP BusinessObjects Platform

**Symptom**

SAP BusinessObjects Platform may allow legitimate users to access information they shouldn't see through relational or OLAP connections. The main impact is the disclosure of company data to individuals who shouldn't or don't need access.

**Other Terms**

Information Exposure, Information Leak, [CVE-2022-22541](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvekey.cgi?keyword=CVE-2022-22541)

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Although the authorization system allows restricting access to connections, it requires special care. Access may have been left open accidentally. The CVSS of the note is calculated in the context of a misconfigured access.

**Solution**

*Warning:* The solution depends on the implementation of SAP Security Note [3103424](https://me.sap.com/notes/3103424).

No fix has been delivered. The secure guide has been updated in [BI platform data security](https://help.sap.com/viewer/2e167338c1b24da9b2a94e68efd79c42/LATEST/en-US/4685ef666e041014910aba7db0e91070.html) under the section *Connection rights*.

It may be necessary for administrators to configure connections based on the system's security model. If not, follow these steps:

1. **Grant** the right *Download Connection Locally* only to users managing the connections.
2. **On the top folder of Connections:**
   - **Deny** the right *Download Connection Locally* for all groups, especially *Administrators*.
   - **Grant** the groups *Administrators* and *Universe Designer* the right *Securely modify rights users have to objects*.
   - **Grant** the right *Securely modify rights users have to objects* to users managing the connections.
   - **Deny** all groups the right *Modify rights users have to object*.
   
*User Administrator* is special. It must be disabled if it should not access connections. It is recommended to use dedicated administrator users as outlined in the *Administrator accounts* section of the secure guide.

**CVSS**

- **CVSS Score:** 6.8
- **CVSS Vector:** [CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:N/A:N](https://www.first.org/cvss/calculator/3.0#CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:N/A:N)

  - **Attack Vector (AV):** Network (N)
  - **Attack Complexity (AC):** Low (L)
  - **Privileges Required (PR):** High (H)
  - **User Interaction (UI):** None (N)
  - **Scope (S):** Changed (C)
  - **Confidentiality Impact (C):** High (H)
  - **Integrity Impact (I):** None (N)
  - **Availability Impact (A):** None (N)

**References**

This document refers to:

- [3103424](https://me.sap.com/notes/3103424) - [CVE-2022-24398] Information Disclosure vulnerability in SAP Business Objects Business Intelligence Platform

**Software Components**

- **ENTERPRISE:** From 420 To 420
- **ENTERPRISE:** From 430 To 430

**Available Languages**

- Deutsch (Machine Translation)
- 日本語 (Machine Translation)
- Português (Machine Translation)
- Español (Machine Translation)
- Français (Machine Translation)
- Italiano (Machine Translation)
- Русский (Machine Translation)
- 中文 (Machine Translation)
- 한국어 (Machine Translation)

**Attachments**

None

**Rating**

No ratings yet.

**Side Effects**

This document does not solve any side effects and is not causing any side effects.

**Credits**

Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing information.