SAP Security Note 2459319 - Weak encryption used in SAP Netweaver Data Orchestration Engine

**Symptom**

Weak encryption is used in the code section of FM `SMMW_DISC_ENCRYPT`, and this function module and the method `DISC_DOWNLOAD` of class `CL_SDOE_DISC_SYNC_HANDLER` have not been in use in the system.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS v3 Base Score:** 2.7 / 10
- **Attack Vector (AV):** Network (N)
- **Attack Complexity (AC):** Low (L)
- **Privileges Required (PR):** High (H)
- **User Interaction (UI):** None (N)
- **Scope (S):** Unchanged (U)
- **Impact to Confidentiality (C):** Low (L)
- **Impact to Integrity (I):** None (N)
- **Impact to Availability (A):** None (N)

_SAP provides this CVSS v3 base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note._

**Reason and Prerequisites**

- **Reason:**  
  Weak encryption has been used in FM `SMMW_DISC_ENCRYPT` to encrypt the data. The key value is hardcoded in the FM, and knowing the key value can allow unauthorized users to decrypt the data. This FM and the calling method have not been used in the system.

- **Prerequisite:**  
  You are using:
  - NWAs 710 SP19 to SP22
  - OR NWAs 711 SP12 to SP17
  - OR NWAs 730 SP14 to SP17
  - OR NWAs 731 SP01 to SP04

**Solution**

Implement this note to fix the issue. Implementation of the note will comment out the code of both function module `SMMW_DISC_ENCRYPT` and method `DISC_DOWNLOAD` of class `CL_SDOE_DISC_SYNC_HANDLER`.

- **For NWAs 710:**  
  Apply this note if you are using SP19 to SP22 **or** apply Support Pack 23.

- **For NWAs 711:**  
  Apply this note if you are using SP12 to SP17 **or** apply Support Pack 18.

- **For NWAs 730:**  
  Apply this note if you are using SP14 to SP17 **or** apply Support Pack 18.

- **For NWAs 731:**  
  Apply this note if you are using SP01 to SP04 **or** apply Support Pack 05.

[Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000019164532017)  
[PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002459319?language=en-US&token=476123A9E97E51C128BD8D2133F0518B)  
[Edit Note](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/notes/edit/0002459319)  

For more details, visit the [SAP Security Notes](https://me.sap.com/support/sfm/notes).

*Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.*