2979062 - [CVE-2020-26820] Privilege escalation in SAP NetWeaver Application Server for Java (UDDI Server)

**SAP Note Number:** 2979062  
**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 6  
**Recency:** Updated  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** HotNews  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 22.12.2020  
**Component:** Basis Components > Enterprise Service Infrastructure > UDDI Server  

### Description

#### Symptom
**Update 22nd December 2020:** This note has been re-released with updated *Support Packages & Patches* information. We have provided the fix to the version SR UI 7.40 SP 017 & SR UI 7.31 SP 022.

The UDDI Server of SAP NetWeaver Application Server for Java allows an attacker to execute arbitrary OS commands without having the required permissions, known as a privilege escalation vulnerability. The potential impact includes a total compromise of confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the server OS.

#### Other Terms
Privilege escalation, [CVE-2020-26820](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-26820)

#### Reason and Prerequisites
To exploit this vulnerability, an attacker would need access to NetWeaver Administrator (NWA) and requires NWA_SUPERADMIN permissions. The vulnerability is caused by a code error.

### Solution
Arbitrary OS command execution is now prevented by the prefer list approach. Deploy the Support Packages and Patches referenced by this SAP Security Note.

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000001883462020)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002979062?language=en-US&token=8C017C45A0824D672F88F95CD3B30D89)
- [Show Changes](https://me.sap.com/notesLatestChanges/0002979062/E/diff)

### CVSS

**CVSS Score:** 9.1  
**CVSS Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:H/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H

- **Attack Vector (AV):** Network (N)  
- **Attack Complexity (AC):** Low (L)  
- **Privileges Required (PR):** High (H)  
- **User Interaction (UI):** None (N)  
- **Scope (S):** Changed (C)  
- **Confidentiality Impact (C):** High (H)  
- **Integrity Impact (I):** High (H)  
- **Availability Impact (A):** High (H)  

*Credits:* Information supported by [redrays.io](https://redrays.io).