1721309 - Untrusted XML input parsing possible in PMI

**SAP Note/KBA:** 1721309  
**Title:** Untrusted XML input parsing possible in PMI  
**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 3  
**Recency:** New  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 10.07.2012  

### Symptom
A malicious user can modify an XML-based request to include XML content that is then parsed locally. This could allow a malicious user to perform a denial of service (DoS) on the parsing system, or disclose local data that is then returned in the response to the malicious request, or access further network-located resources that are accessible from the parsing system.

### CVSS Information
**CVSS Base Score:** 3.5  
**CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:S/C:P/I:N/A:N

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://me.sap.com/securitynotes/).

### Reason and Prerequisites
The problem is caused by a program error in XI due to the incorrect use of an XML parser. By default, the parser opens external entities referenced within an XML input, which can then lead to malicious content being parsed. These internal resources can be disclosed in the response to the request, or can be used to perform a denial of service attack on the parsing system, rendering application content temporarily unavailable.

### Solution
Please upgrade to the latest Support Package or deploy a patch with the appropriate patch level. The minimum patch level information is provided in the "Support Package Patches" section of this note.

**Actions:**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017443772017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001721309?language=en-US&token=06E056E9A69C4B0C8901929D0AF1F3EE)

For detailed information on applicable support packages and patches, please refer to the Support Package Patch section in the note.

*Credits: Thanks to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the information provided.*