2941332 - [CVE-2020-6295] Information Disclosure in SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise

**Symptom**

Under certain conditions, the SAP Adaptive Server Enterprise (ASE) Cockpit installation allows an attacker to access encrypted sensitive and confidential information through publicly readable installation log files. This leads to a compromise of the installed Cockpit, enabling the attacker to view, modify, and/or make any data associated with the Cockpit unavailable. The issue is with the installer; other binaries are not impacted.

**Other Terms**

Information disclosure, [CVE-2020-6295](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-6295)

**Reason and Prerequisites**

The SAP ASE Cockpit installation writes encrypted sensitive information into the log file. The impact is limited to systems where the 'Cockpit' option is selected during installation. The following product versions are affected:

- SAP ASE 16.0 SP02 PL09 HF2
- SAP ASE 16.0 SP03 PL08 HF2

**Solution**

This issue is fixed in the SAP ASE installer by removing the encrypted information from the installation log file. The issue has been addressed in the following SAP ASE versions:

- SAP ASE 16.0 SP02 PL09 HF2
- SAP ASE 16.0 SP03 PL08 HF2

If you are using the affected versions, remove the installation log file from your setup.

**Download Links**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000001337262020)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002941332?language=en-US&token=375942F0B2DD082AEA4674256C2F943C)

**CVSS**

- **CVSS Score:** 7.0
- **Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:H/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H

**Attributes**

- **Externally Reported:** Yes

**Credits**

Special thanks to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the information provided.