1588406 - Unauthorized use of industry application functions

# SAP Security Note 1588406 - Unauthorized Use of Industry Application Functions

**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 3  
**Recency:** New  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 12.07.2011  
**Component:** Customer Relationship Management > Utilities Industry  

## Description

### Symptom

Unauthorized use of application functions in the Interaction Center applications for the utilities industry and the telecommunications industry.

### Other Terms

Cross-site request forgery, XSRF, utilities industry, telecommunications industry, IC, Interaction Center UI, Call Center UI, WebClient UI, BSP, Business Server Page

### Reason and Prerequisites

The Interaction Center application for the utilities industry and for the telecommunications industry executes functions when certain URLs are called. When a malicious user tricks an authenticated user’s browser into making a request containing a certain URL and specific parameters, the function is executed with the rights of the authenticated user.

The malicious user may use a cross-site scripting attack to do this, or they may present a link to the victim.

### Solution

To solve this problem, carry out the following manual activities.

#### Manual Activities

1. Call transaction SE80. Choose "Repository Browser" and select "BSP Application" from the dropdown box.

2. In the related field, enter the value `CRM_IUMD_ICREP`.

3. On the "Properties" tab page for the BSP application, select the checkbox for XSRF protection.

4. Save and activate the application.

5. Repeat steps 3) and 4) for the following BSP applications:
   - CRM_IUBCO_IC  
   - CRM_IUENV_IC  
   - CRM_IUFCS_IC  
   - CRM_IUMD_IC  
   - CRM_IUMIO_IC  
   - CRM_IUMR_IC  
   - CRM_IU_IC_APPL  
   - CRM_IU_IC_ERMS  
   - CRM_IU_IC_RTREP  
   - CRM_IUAPPL_IC  
   - CRM_IUBCO_ICREP  
   - CRM_IUERM_ICREP  
   - CRM_IUMIO_ICREP  
   - CRM_IUMR_ICREP  
   - CRM_IUOVW_IC  
   - CRM_IUPP_ICREP  
   - CRM_IUSI_IC  
   - CRM_ITIC_ADJREP  

   If one of the BSP applications is not (yet) available in your release, skip this BSP application.

## Affected Software Components

- BBPCRM 500  
- BBPCRM 520  
- BBPCRM 600  
- BBPCRM 700  
- BBPCRM 701  

## Support Package Information

| Software Component Version | Support Package | URL |
|----------------------------|-----------------|-----|
| BBPCRM 500                 | SAPKU50019      | [SAPKU50019](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPKU50019) |
| BBPCRM 520                 | SAPKU52011      | [SAPKU52011](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPKU52011) |
| BBPCRM 600                 | SAPKU60010      | [SAPKU60010](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPKU60010) |
| BBPCRM 700                 | SAPKU70010      | [SAPKU70010](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPKU70010) |
| BBPCRM 701                 | SAPKU70105      | [SAPKU70105](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPKU70105) |

## Available Translations

- Japanese (Human Translation)  
- Deutsch (Origin)  
- Portuguese (Machine Translation)  
- Español (Machine Translation)  
- Français (Machine Translation)  
- Italiano (Machine Translation)  
- Русский (Machine Translation)  
- 中文 (Machine Translation)  
- 한국어 (Machine Translation)  

## Links

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000009429112017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001588406?language=en-US&token=3356C6A6086A3BD2BCB3B0690303C453)

## Credits

Information provided with support from [redrays.io](https://redrays.io).