1820033 - Potential denial of service in ASE Web Services and SCC

**Header Data**
- **SAP Note/KBA:** 1820033
- **Type:** SAP Security Note
- **Version:** 2
- **Recency:** New
- **Language:** English
- **Master Language:** English
- **Category:** Program error
- **Priority:** Correction with high priority
- **Release Status:** Released for Customer
- **Released On:** 14.05.2013
- **Component:** Basis Components > Sybase Products > Sybase ASE Database Platform (non Business Suite)

**Title**
1820033 - Potential denial of service in ASE Web Services and SCC

**Description**

### Symptom
An attacker can remotely exploit ASE Web Services and Sybase Control Center rendering them, and potentially the resources that are used to serve ASE Web Services and Sybase Control Center, unavailable.

**CVSS Information**
- **CVSS Base Score:** 5.0
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:L/AU:N/C:N/I:N/A:P

*SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).*

### Other Terms
DoS, denial of service, ASE Web Services, Sybase Control Center (SCC)

### Reason and Prerequisites
An attacker can trigger a condition in which the process enters an endless loop, causing it to consume all of the available processing time. This causes the entire machine to become unresponsive until the process is terminated manually. An attacker can use this flaw to launch a denial-of-service (DoS) attack.

### Solution
This issue has been fixed in the following ASE versions:
- ASE 15.7 ESD#3
- ASE 15.5 ESD#5.2
- ASE 15.0.3 ESD#4.2
- ASE 12.5.4 ESD#11

Install the fixed ASE versions most appropriate for your production environment.

**Download Links**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017599912017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001820033?language=en-US&token=1DF95DE3F07207E205EEED99E02381CF)

For more information or actions related to this note, visit the [SAP Support Portal](https://me.sap.com/).

*Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support and provided information.*