1475767 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in CMS/TCS

---

**SAP Security Note 1475767 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in CMS/TCS**

**Symptom**

The TCS Deploy Servlet call could be abused by a malicious user, who could modify displayed application content without authorization and potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS Score:** 4.3
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/Au:N/C:N/I:P/A:N

*Note:* SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

**Other Terms**

- Reflected Cross-Site Scripting, XSS, TCS Deploy Servlet, TCS autodeployment

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Pages within the TCS Deploy Servlet do not sufficiently encode input parameters, resulting in a reflected cross-site scripting issue. A reflected cross-site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a web site.

Reflected cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data could use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user.

If an administrator is impersonated, the application’s security could be fully compromised.

**Solution**

Import the relevant Support Package. The corrections do not have any influence on the normal functions of the application and no further adjustments or configurations are required.

- DI CHANGE MGMT. SERVER 6.40 as of Support Package 025
- DI CHANGE MGMT. SERVER 7.00 as of Support Package 019
- DI CHANGE MGMT. SERVER 7.01 as of Support Package 005
- DI CHANGE MGMT. SERVER 7.02 as of Support Package 003
- DI CHANGE MGMT. SERVER 7.10 as of Support Package 008
- DI CHANGE MGMT. SERVER 7.11 as of Support Package 003
- DI CHANGE MGMT. SERVER 7.20 as of Support Package 001
- DI CHANGE MGMT. SERVER 7.30 as of Support Package 001

**Download and Resources**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017041502017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001475767?language=en-US&token=2DA917EC9D79BD86B43558EE06FC13A9)

**Credits**

Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.