SAP Security Note 1914778 - Potential Information Disclosure Relating to HANA Host Names

**Overview**
  
SAP has released Security Note **1914778**, addressing a potential information disclosure vulnerability in SAP HANA Extended Application Services (SAP HANA XS). This vulnerability allows an attacker to discover host names and the version of the SAP Web Dispatcher running on affected hosts, which could be exploited to tailor attacks more effectively.

**Details**

- **Number:** 1914778
- **Type:** SAP Security Note
- **Version:** 4
- **Released On:** October 8, 2013
- **Category:** Program Error
- **Priority:** Correction with Medium Priority
- **Status:** Released for Customer

**Symptom**

An attacker can perform an HTTP request to determine the host name of servers running SAP HANA XS and identify the version of the SAP Web Dispatcher in use. This information can aid attackers in crafting targeted attacks against specific system configurations.

**CVSS Information**

- **Base Score:** 5.0
- **Vector:** AV:N/AC:L/AU:N/C:P/I:N/A:N

*Note:* The CVSS score provided by SAP is an estimate and may not account for specific system configurations or environments.

**Solution**

To mitigate this vulnerability, SAP recommends the following actions:

1. **Upgrade Recommendation:**
   - **Upgrade to SAP HANA revision 60 or higher.** This version includes fixes that prevent the disclosure of host names and SAP Web Dispatcher versions.

2. **Configuration Change (if upgrading is not immediately possible):**
   - **Edit the Configuration File:**
     - Locate the `sapwebdisp.pfl` file, typically found at:
       ```
       /usr/sap/<SID>/HDB<InstanceNumber>/<Host>/wdisp/sapwebdisp.pfl
       ```
     - Add or modify the following parameter:
       ```
       is/HTTP/show_detailed_errors = FALSE
       ```
   - **Restart the SAP Web Dispatcher Process:**
     - Execute the command:
       ```
       HDB restart
       ```
     - Alternatively, manually kill the `sapwebdisp_hdb` process to trigger a restart.

**Affected Software Components**

- **HDB:** Version 1.00

**Support Package Patch**

- **SAP HANA DATABASE 1.00 SP060 Patch Level 000060**
  - [Download Patch](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/swdc/notes?cvnr=01200615320200017790&support_package=SP060&patch_level=000060)

**Additional Information**

For more details, refer to the [full SAP Security Note 1914778](https://me.sap.com/notes/1914778).

**Credits**

Credits to [Red Rays](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provision of this information.