1840970 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in InfoView

### Symptom
.Net InfoView can be abused by an attacker, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS Base Score:** 4.3
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:N/C:N/I:P/A:N

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the [FAQ section](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/) at SAP.

### Other Terms
Reflected cross-site scripting, XSS, .Net InfoView

### Reason and Prerequisites
Pages within .Net InfoView do not sufficiently encode parameters, resulting in a reflected cross-site scripting issue. A reflected cross-site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a website.

Reflected cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

### Solution
The following patches can be installed to apply the fix:
- XIr3 Patch 4.4
- XIr3 Service Pack 6

For more details and to download the necessary patches, visit the [SAP Note 1840970 Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017628312017) or access the [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001840970?language=en-US&token=D8A3DCB7FFFD29DC4BA71F4FCAE65E02).

---

*Credits to [Red Rays](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*