SAP Security Note 1507377 - Unauthorized usage of application functionality in DocBuilder

# SAP Security Note 1507377

**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 1  
**Recency:** New  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 09.11.2010  
**Component:** Cross-Application Components > General Application Functions > Document Builder (CA-GTF-DOB)

## Description

A malicious user can trigger functionality in DocumentBuilder without authentication and authorization.

### Symptom
A malicious user can trigger functionality in DocumentBuilder without authentication and authorization.

### Other Terms
Cross-Site Request Forgery, XSRF, DocumentBuilder

### Reason and Prerequisites
DocumentBuilder executes certain functions through referencing specific URLs. When an attacker tricks an authenticated user's browser into making a request containing a certain URL and specific parameters, the function is executed with the rights of the user. If present, the attacker may use a Cross Site Scripting attack to trigger the exploit, or use an approach in which a link to click is presented to the victim.

## Solution

Apply the Support Package and/or the attached correction.

### Manual Activities
1. Go to transaction SE80 (Repository Browser) and select the 'BSP Application' option from the dropdown list.
2. Enter `/IPRO/EDITOR` for the object and navigate to the properties of the application.
3. Change to edit mode and enable the flag for XSRF protection.
4. Save and activate the change.
5. Repeat the same steps for the application `/IPRO/EDITOR`.

## Support Package

- **Software Component Version:** SAP_BS_FND 702
- **Support Package:** [SAPK-70204INSAPBSFND](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPK-70204INSAPBSFND)

## Correction Instructions

- **Software Component:** SAP_BS_FND
- **Number of Correction Instructions:** 1
- **URL:** [Correction Instructions for 1507377](https://me.sap.com/corrins/0001507377/6134)

## Download and Additional Resources

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000008931162017)
- [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001507377?language=en-US&token=A5B3523920B081D2AE961DB0F18F78B8)
- [Edit Note](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/notes/edit/0001507377)

## Rated Helpful

0 people have found this document helpful.

---

*Credits to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*