1808384 - Unauthorized modification of stored content in B1A

**SAP Note/KBA:** 1808384  
**Title:** Unauthorized modification of stored content in B1A  
**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 09.09.2014  
**Category:** Program error

### Symptom
SAP Business One Analytics can be abused by an attacker, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

### Other Terms
Stored cross-site scripting, XSS, SAP Business Analytics

### Reason and Prerequisites
Business One Analytics results in a stored cross-site scripting issue.

It can be used to permanently modify displayed content from a Web site, allowing the attacker to embed content that is rendered automatically, without the attacker having to target victims individually.

Stored cross-site scripting can also be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session.

An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

### Solution
Upgrade SAP Business One Analytics to patch 04 or later.

### Actions
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017585752017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001808384?language=en-US&token=3F8B6F9FE3A85E53DA76725119D6A3A6)
- [Show Changes](https://me.sap.com/notesLatestChanges/0001808384/E/diff)

Credits to https://redrays.io for support to provided information.