1809246 - Potential information disclosure relating to SAP Sybase ASE

**SAP Security Note 1809246**

- **Type:** SAP Security Note
- **Version:** 4
- **Recency:** New
- **Priority:** Correction with medium priority
- **Status:** Released for Customer
- **Released On:** September 10, 2013
- **Component:** Basis Components > Sybase Products > Sybase ASE Database Platform (non Business Suite)

### **Description**
An attacker can discover information relating to SAP Sybase ASE. This information could be used to allow the attacker to specialize their attacks against SAP Sybase ASE.

**CVSS Information**
- **Base Score:** 2.1
- **Vector:** AV:L/AC:L/AU:N/C:P/I:N/A:N

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the [FAQ section](https://me.sap.com/securitynotes/) on the SAP Security Notes portal.

### **Reason and Prerequisites**
Information logged by the SAP Sybase ASE installer may be discovered in installation log files. This information may be used by an attacker to further target SAP Sybase ASE.

### **Solution**
This issue has been fixed in the following SAP Sybase ASE versions:
- SAP Sybase ASE 15.7 SP100
- SAP Sybase ASE 15.7 ESD#4.2
- SAP Sybase ASE 15.5 ESD#5.3
- SAP Sybase ASE 15.0.3 ESD#4.3

**Action Steps:**
1. **Update SAP Sybase ASE:** Install the fixed SAP Sybase ASE versions most appropriate for your production environments.
2. **Handle Existing Installations:** Remove installation log files or restrict permissions on installation log files for customers who have previously installed SAP Sybase ASE.

### **Download and Resources**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017587052017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001809246?language=en-US&token=8B4AAD69481C2E7DE2D11A70AAA1B595)

For more details, visit the [SAP Security Notes](https://me.sap.com/notes/0001809246).

*Credits to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for supporting the information.*