1964428 - XS bypasses authentication for former public applications

**SAP Note/KBA:** 1964428  
**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 1  
**Recency:** New  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 11.03.2014  
**Component:** SAP HANA > SAP HANA Application Services > SAP HANA Extended Application Services

### Description

#### Symptom
An SAP HANA XS based application can be set to be "public" access, meaning that no authentication is needed to access it. In case this configuration setting is changed, authentication is still not enforced.

**CVSS Information**  
CVSS Base Score: 5.0  
CVSS Base Vector: AV:N/AC:L/AU:N/C:P/I:N/A:N

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes FAQ](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

#### Other Terms
authentication, public

#### Reason and Prerequisites
With the SAP HANA XS administration tool, XS based applications can be configured to be accessible with or without authentication. Changes to a former public application are not considered by the server after changing it to be authenticated.

#### Solution
The system behavior has been improved with HANA revision 70 (and later). Changes to the authentication setting are now enforced by the system depending on the configured authentication type.

The improvement is also contained in HANA maintenance revision 69.2.

### Downloads
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017790872017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001964428?language=en-US&token=F6F4F710EB440EF6E6E6A441D96FFDAB)

Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.