SAP Security Note 1587704 - Potential DLL hijacking in EHS WWI Front-End

**Description**
A malicious user can exploit the WWI Front-End to take control of the product, including viewing, changing, or deleting data on viewed reports. Furthermore, code can be executed in the user environment.

**CVSS Information**
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:N/C:C/I:P/A:P
- **CVSS Score:** 8.3

*SAP is providing this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into consideration your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. Please see the FAQ section on [SAP Security Notes](https://me.sap.com/securitynotes/) for more information.*

**Other Terms**
- DLL hijacking
- Remote code execution
- EHSWWISP26

**Reason and Prerequisites**
A DLL hijacking vulnerability exists in EHS WWI. This allows a malicious user to load code into the process memory of the application. This code is then executed by the application.

**Solution**
The corrections are available with EH&S WWI 3.2 / 2.7B Support Package 26. You must import this or apply a more recent patch. Note 568302 provides information about the availability of patches, as well as information about storing, downloading, and applying them.

The following files were changed:
- `wwires32.dll`, version 2005.110.124 dated March 22, 2011 or later
- `wwilabel.dll`, version 1.0.61 dated March 22, 2011 or later
- `wwi.dot` dated April 6, 2011 or later
- `wwilayt.dot` dated April 6, 2011 or later

This patch is also available in SAPGUI 7.10 PL22 and SAPGUI 7.20 PL07.

To avoid loading DLLs from network locations, WWI will now only load DLLs from the application installation directory.

**Download Links**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017240982017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001587704?language=en-US&token=340BF11F1A00D907C74B8B158C7F8AD5)

**Credits**
Thanks to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provision of this information.