1577412 - HTTP Verb Tampering Issue in UMEADMIN

**SAP Security Note 1577412** - HTTP Verb Tampering Issue in UMEADMIN

**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Priority:** Correction with medium priority  
**Release Date:** March 13, 2012  
**Version:** 3  
**Component:** Basis Components > NetWeaver Application Server Java > Security, User Management > User Management Engine (BC-JAS-SEC-UME)  

### Symptom

In UMEADMIN, there are problems with authorization and authentication checks if certain HTTP methods are used. An attacker can control the behavior of the system, or potentially escalate privileges by executing malicious code, without having legitimate credentials.

### Reason and Prerequisites

The UMEADMIN SPML service application contains HTTP verb tampering vulnerabilities. This means that there is a risk of information disclosure or data tampering if an attacker accesses the application using HTTP requests that contain unexpected HTTP methods.

**Prerequisites:**
- Never assign "SAP_ungranted_role" to any user.
- Ensure that SAP Note [1445998](https://me.sap.com/notes/1445998) is implemented to disable InvokerServlet (not required for SAP NetWeaver 7.20 SP03 and above). While HTTP verb tampering and InvokerServlet problems and solutions are not prerequisites of each other, it is recommended to implement both fixes.

### Solution

This issue has been fixed, and unused HTTP methods are now forbidden.

For more details and to download the SNOTE, see the [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017203592017) or the [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001577412?language=en-US&token=E2DB91406FA4AE7D04A583E50D5FF839).

**Note:** Since this security note was released in 2012, ensure your systems are updated to the latest supported versions.

**Further Actions:**
- Mark this note as favorite or share it with your team as needed.

Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.