SAP Security Note 1828988 - Unauthorized modification of stored content in RWB

**Description**

**Symptom**  
PI Runtime Workbench (RWB) can be abused by attackers, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

**Other Terms**  
Stored cross-site scripting, XSS, Process Integration

**Reason and Prerequisites**  
Web pages within 'Process Integration Runtime Workbench' result in a stored cross-site scripting issue.  
It can be used to permanently modify displayed content from a Web site, allowing the attacker to embed content that is rendered automatically, without the attacker having to target victims individually.  
Stored cross-site scripting can also be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session.  
An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

**Impact**  
This vulnerability allows attackers to:
- Modify displayed content without authorization.
- Steal authentication information and impersonate users, including administrators.
- Potentially compromise the entire security of the application.

**Solution**  
This issue is fixed with the Support Packages and Patches of the Software Components referenced by this note in the section 'SP Patch Level'.  
You can download the necessary patches using the following links:
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017612692017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001828988?language=en-US&token=63F314D52AF4D5FD66A3AE5499C13D43)

**Additional Information**
- **Release Status:** Released for Customer on 08.10.2013
- **Priority:** Correction with high priority
- **Category:** Program error
- **Component:** Basis Components > NetWeaver Process Integration (PI) > Integration Server > Runtime Workbench / Monitoring

For more details and to access the full note, visit [SAP Support](https://me.sap.com/servicessupport/knowledge).

**Credits**  
Information supported by [redrays.io](https://redrays.io).