3251447 - [CVE-2023-0015] Cross-Site Scripting (XSS) vulnerability in SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence (Web Intelligence)

---

**Symptom**

In SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence Web Intelligence user interface, some calls return JSON with the wrong content type in the header of the response. As a result, a custom application that calls directly the JSP of Web Intelligence DHTML may be vulnerable to XSS attacks. On successful exploitation, an attacker can cause limited impact on confidentiality and integrity of the application.

**Other Terms**

- XSS, stored XSS, [CVE-2023-0015](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2023-0015)

**Reason and Prerequisites**

- **Environment**
  - SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence Platform 4.2 Support Package 09

- **Reason**
  - Web Intelligence HTML Interface doesn't return the correct Content-Type in the response header when JSON is returned.

**Solution**

The content-type is now returned with the correct value.

This issue is fixed in the patches listed in the “Support Packages & Patches” section below. The “Support Packages & Patches” section will be populated with the relevant patch levels once they are released. For Business Intelligence Platform maintenance schedule and strategy, see the Knowledge Base Article [2144559](https://me.sap.com/softwarecenter/template/products/_APP=00200682500000001943&_EVENT=DISPHIER&HEADER=Y&FUNCTIONBAR=N&EVENT=TREE&NE=NAVIGATE&ENR=73555000100200001041&V=MAINT) in the References section.

**CVSS**

- **CVSS Score:** 4.6
- **CVSS Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:R/S:U/C:L/I:L/A:N
  - **Attack Vector (AV):** Network (N)
  - **Attack Complexity (AC):** Low (L)
  - **Privileges Required (PR):** Low (L)
  - **User Interaction (UI):** Required (R)
  - **Scope (S):** Unchanged (U)
  - **Confidentiality Impact (C):** Low (L)
  - **Integrity Impact (I):** Low (L)
  - **Availability Impact (A):** None (N)

**Affected Components**

- **Software Component:** ENTERPRISE
  - **Version:** 420

**Support Package Patches**

- **Software Component Version:** SBOP BI PLATFORM SERVERS 4.2
  - **Support Package:** SP009
  - **Patch Level:** 001100
  - [Download Patch](https://me.sap.com/softwarecenter/template/products/_APP=00200682500000001943&_EVENT=DISPHIER&HEADER=Y&FUNCTIONBAR=N&EVENT=TREE&NE=NAVIGATE&ENR=73555000100200001041&V=MAINT)

**Download Links**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000000024072023)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0003251447?language=en-US&token=C3715E9B5F0959850314CC89239BF618)

---

*Credits to [RedRays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*