1831022 - Missing Authorization Check in DI_CMS (BC-CTS-CMS)

**Symptom**

An authenticated user can use functions of DI_CMS (BC-CTS-CMS) to which access should be restricted. This may result in an escalation of privileges.

**CVSS Information**

- **Base Score:** 5.5
- **Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:L/AU:S/C:P/I:P/A:N

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

**Reason and Prerequisites**

DI_CMS (BC-CTS-CMS) does not contain authorization checks for verifying an authenticated user's authorization to access some of its functions. This may result in undesired system behavior.

**Solution**

Coding gets completed by authorization checks when applying one of the following Support Package Stacks for software component DI_CMS:

- 7.00 SP 29
- 7.01 SP 14
- 7.02 SP 14
- 7.11 SP 13
- 7.30 SP 10
- 7.31 SP 8
- 7.40 SP 3

In version 7.20, there are no further SP Stacks delivered. The change is contained in SP 9 Patch 1.

If you use SAP-delivered UME roles to operate your NWDI, no further steps are required (e.g., `SAP_DI_ADMINISTRATOR`, `SAP_DI_DEVELOPER`, or in some releases `NWDI.Administrator`, `NWDI.Developer`).

If you created your own UME roles to operate NWDI, you need to adapt them and assign new actions to them. For details, see the help documentation of your AS Java Release under "Authorizations in Change Management Service" and "Roles in the Change Management Service".

**References**

- [CMS remarks/restrictions](https://me.sap.com/notes/754143)

**Download Links**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017614912017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001831022?language=en-US&token=E280606512A60CAD89E173EC1CE847B9)

Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.