SAP Security Note 1609808 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in BC-SRV-KPR

**SAP Security Note 1609808 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in BC-SRV-KPR**

**Description:**

### Symptom
BC-SRV-KPR can be abused by a malicious user, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

### Other Terms
Reflected cross-site scripting, XSS, BC-SRV-KPR

### Reason and Prerequisites
Many BSP pages within BC-SRV-KPR do not sufficiently encode INPUT and OUTPUT parameters, resulting in a reflected cross-site scripting issue. A reflected cross-site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a web site.

Reflected cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's information, such as data relating to their current session. A malicious user who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

### Solution
Please apply this note or import the changes via the relevant support package.

**Affected Software Components:**
- SAP_BASIS versions 620 to 640
- 700 to 702
- 710 to 730
- 731

**Support Packages:**
Refer to the [Support Package SAPKB62071](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPKB62071) and others listed in the note for your specific SAP_BASIS version.

**Download Links:**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000009560222017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001609808?language=en-US&token=2270931F1F981A4EBFB9CC600D8B9C16)

**Credits:**
Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.