1774432 - Missing authorization check in ST-PI

**SAP Security Note 1774432**

**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 3  
**Recency:** New  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** Correction with medium priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** June 11, 2013  
**Component:** Service > SAP Solution Manager > Service Data Download  
**Software Component:** SV-SMG-SDD

---

### Symptom

An authenticated user can use functions of ST-PI to which access should be restricted. This may result in an escalation of privileges. This is valid for:
- ST-PI 2008_1_710
- ST-PI 2008_1_700
- ST-PI 2008_1_640
- ST-PI 2008_1_620

with support package 1 to 6.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS Base Score:** 4.6
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:H/AU:S/C:P/I:P/A:P

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the [FAQ section](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/) on SAP's security notes page.

### Reason and Prerequisites

ST-PI does not contain authorization checks for verifying an authenticated user's authorization to access some of its functions. This may result in undesired system behavior.

### Solution

Implement at least **Support Package 7** if you are using one of the releases mentioned in the Symptom section to resolve the problem.

### Actions

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017534742017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001774432?language=en-US&token=159A859FFCB40C2B2251F3E055281E8B)
- [Share by Email](/mynotes?tab=ShareByEmail)
- [Open in New Window](/mynotes?tab=OpenNewWindow)

### Attachments

_No attachments available._

### References

_No references available._

---

*Thanks to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the information provided.*