1775422 - Hard-coded credentials in BC-CUS-TOL-NAV

**Description**

BC-CUS-TOL-NAV contains code that changes the program's behavior when a user is successfully authenticated with a certain user name. An attacker can be authenticated to BC-CUS-TOL-NAV without having their own legitimate credentials, or they may escalate privileges.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS Base Score:** 6.0
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:S/C:P/I:P/A:P

_SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security._

_For more information, see the FAQ section at [https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/)._

**Other Terms**

- Hard-coded
- Credentials
- BC-CUS-TOL-NAV

**Reason and Prerequisites**

The program code contains a hard-coded user name that changes the system's behavior if a user is successfully authenticated. The user may obtain additional information that should not be displayed.

The vulnerability is caused by a hard-coded user name and password combination in the program's source code. An attacker who specifies these credentials can log on to the system without having been assigned legitimate access by the system administrator(s). If a user already has privileges with which they can log on, an escalation of privileges may be possible if the hard-coded account has higher access rights than the original user.

**Solution**

Please follow the steps mentioned in the manual instructions:

```
- Open transaction `se37`.
- Enter FM `BM_REMOTE_INPUT_OUTPUT_LIST`.
- From application menu select 'Delete' or press `SHIFT+F2`.
- Save the changes in transport request and release it.
```

**Download and Resources**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000010491002017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001775422?language=en-US&token=39C1DB050EE4AF504D73AB039126D2EC)

**Credits**

Information provided by [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io).