1454952 - Code Injection vulnerability in Role synchronization report.

## Description

### Symptom
Role Synchronization report contains code which allows the execution of arbitrary program code, such as an RFC destination of the user's choice. A malicious user can therefore control the behavior of the system or potentially escalate privileges by executing malicious code without legitimate credentials.

### Other Terms
Backdoor, Injection, Run, Credentials, SAP SRM, Supplier Relationship Management, PFCG, Role synchronization, BBP_ROLE_SYNCRONIZE, SRM-EBP-CA-UI

### Reason and Prerequisites
The program code includes the ability to define and execute code of the user's choice, altering the system's behavior. A valid and authenticated user is required to create or modify roles in the system. Depending on the code, the user can inject an RFC destination of their choice and run their own code, which may create, modify, or corrupt roles in the selected system, posing a threat by altering the system's output.

### Affected Releases
- SAP SRM 7.01
- SAP SRM 7.0

### Solution
Import the attached advanced correction or import the relevant support package to temporarily disable the affected function.

## Links
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000008584052017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001454952?language=en-US&token=7A6EEBAD648B8DB211022B2E12D5A404)

## Details
- **Released On:** 14.12.2010
- **Component:** Supplier Relationship Management > SRM > Cross-Application Functions > User Interface/Templates

---

Credits to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provided information.