1458924 - Unauthorized modification of stored content in SXSL_DEMO

### SAP Security Note 1458924

**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Category:** Program error  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** August 10, 2010  
**Component:** [Basis Components > ABAP Runtime Environment - ABAP Language Issues Only > ABAP XML processing](https://me.sap.com/mynotes?tab=Search&sortBy=Relevance&filters=themk%25253Aeq~'BC-ABA-XML*'%25252BreleaseStatus%25253Aeq~'CustomerRelease'%25252BsecurityPatchDay%25253Aeq~'NotRestricted'%25252BfuzzyThreshold%25253Aeq~'0.9'&flag=mynotes)

#### Symptom
The `SXSLT_DEMO` and `SXLST_TRAINING` packages could be abused by a malicious user, who could modify the demo content, persist the modified content without authorization, and potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

#### Other Terms
- Stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
- XSLT, BSP, Demo, TechEd
- `SXSLT_DEMO`, `SXSLT_TRAINING`

#### Reason and Prerequisites
The `SXSL_DEMO` and `SXSLT_TRAINING` packages contain outdated demo content related to the ABAP XSLT processor. This includes BSP applications that read information from URL parameters. The content was delivered as part of the software component **BC-ABA-XML**. It is no longer up to date, and its removal will not affect productive software components.

Stored cross-site scripting can be used to permanently modify displayed content from a website, allowing the malicious user to embed content that is rendered automatically without needing to individually target victims. Additionally, stored cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data could impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the application's security could be fully compromised.

#### Solution
Apply the support package provided in this SAP note. Individual corrective instructions are not provided due to their complexity. However, you may choose to remove the complete packages `SXSLT_DEMO` and `SXSLT_TRAINING` from your system by modification.

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017014202017)
- [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001458924?language=en-US&token=00E3F2617614CD23AD49CCB2314CE9A2)

For more details and updates, visit the [SAP Support Portal](https://me.sap.com/).

_Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information._