2361633 - SQL Injection vulnerability in SAP Business Intelligence platform

## Symptom

SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence platform 4.1 and 4.2 allows an attacker to execute crafted database queries, exposing the backend database.

Some well-known impacts of SQL Injection vulnerability are:

- Read sensitive data, modify or delete data from the database
- Execute admin level operations on the database

## CVSS Information

**CVSS v3 Base Score:** 6.3 / 10

**CVSS v3 Base Vector:**

| Metric                           | Value           |
|----------------------------------|-----------------|
| AV: Attack Vector                | Network (N)     |
| AC: Attack Complexity            | Low (L)         |
| PR: Privileges Required          | Low (L)         |
| UI: User Interaction             | None (N)        |
| S: Scope                         | Unchanged (U)   |
| C: Impact to Confidentiality     | Low (L)         |
| I: Impact to Integrity           | Low (L)         |
| A: Impact to Availability        | Low (L)         |

_SAP provides this CVSS v3 base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://support.sap.com/securitynotes)._

## Other Terms

Injection attack, blind SQL injection, database vulnerabilities

## Reason and Prerequisites

**Environment:**
- SAP BusinessObjects Business Intelligence platform 4.1 and 4.2

**Cause:**
Prompting in Semantic Layer are not checked correctly. It is possible to build and add SQL statements in addition to the standard prompt answers.

## Solution

Prompt answers are checked and attempts of SQL Injection raise invalid response errors.

This issue is fixed in the patches listed in the "Support Packages & Patches" section below.  
The "Support Packages & Patches" section will be populated with the relevant patch levels once they are released.  
For Business Intelligence Platform maintenance schedule and strategy, see the Knowledge Base Article [2144559](https://me.sap.com/softwarecenter/template/products/_APP=00200682500000001943&_EVENT=DISPHIER&HEADER=Y&FUNCTIONBAR=N&EVENT=TREE&NE=NAVIGATE&ENR=73555000100200001041&V=MAINT) in the References section.

### Actions

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000018392282017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002361633?language=en-US&token=2184A77B127651718C60C61D5961A75F)

## Credits

Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.