1496864 - Potential to modify or disclose persisted data in BPC-MS

---

**SAP Note/KBA:** 1496864  
**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 8  
**Recency:** New  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Advance development  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 08.11.2011  
**Component:** Enterprise Performance Management > Business Planning and Consolidation > Microsoft Version

### Symptom

This note was previously published as a non-security note. No update is required if you have already deployed SP8 or any higher SP.

A malicious user can exploit the BPC-MS web client and use specially crafted inputs to modify database commands. This results in either the retrieval of additional information or the modification of data persisted by the system.

### Other Terms

- BPC 70M SP8 for Microsoft
- SQL Injection
- Database

### Reason and Prerequisites

The problem is caused by an SQL injection vulnerability. The code composes an SQL statement that contains strings that can be altered by a malicious user via the BPC MS web client. The manipulated SQL statement can then be used to retrieve additional data from the database or to modify the data.

### Solution

It is corrected in BPC for Microsoft 7.0 SP8.

### Downloads

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017080162017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001496864?language=en-US&token=D0887A3ADDCC129C1920A4505B941481)

### References

- [BPC 7.0M SP08](https://me.sap.com/notes/1490544)

---

*Credits to [RedRays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*