2110556 - Cross-site Scripting issue in Afaria 7 SP5 Self-service Portal.

# **Symptom**

The Afaria End-user Self-service portal can be abused by an attacker, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

# **CVSS Information**

- **CVSS Base Score:** 4.3 / 10
- **CVSS Vector:**
  - **Attack Vector (AV):** Network (N)
  - **Access Complexity (AC):** Medium (M)
  - **Authentication (Au):** None (N)
  - **Impact to Confidentiality (C):** None (N)
  - **Impact to Integrity (I):** Partial (P)
  - **Impact to Availability (A):** None (N)

*SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).*

# **Reason and Prerequisites**

This vulnerability only applies to Afaria 7 SP5. The base URL for the end-user self-service portal in Afaria SP5 exposes a cross-site scripting vulnerability.

# **Solution**

To eliminate this vulnerability, SAP recommends that customers apply [Afaria 7 SP5 HotFix 07](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000018001182017).

For more details, you can view the [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002110556?language=en-US&token=C80416F26A733CFDFDE320041A0F25C8) of this SAP Security Note.

# **Affected Component**

- **Component:** Business Mobile > Afaria (MOB-AFA)
- **Released On:** March 10, 2015
- **Priority:** Correction with medium priority
- **Status:** Released for Customer

# **Credits**

Thanks to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provision of this information.