2912747 - [CVE-2020-6256] Missing Authorization Check in SAP Master Data Governance

---

### Header Data
- **SAP Note/KBA:** 2912747
- **Type:** SAP Security Note
- **Version:** 7
- **Recency:** Updated
- **Language:** English
- **Master Language:** English
- **Category:** Program error
- **Priority:** Correction with medium priority
- **Status:** Released for Customer
- **Released On:** 22.12.2020
- **Component:** CA-MDG-AF (Cross-Application Components > Master Data Governance > Application Framework)

### Description

#### Symptom
**UPDATE 22nd December 2020:** This note has been re-released with updated 'validity' information. There have not been any changes done which require customer action.

An attacker can display an entity (for example, a Cost Center) that is currently changed by a change request in SAP Master Data Governance. The change request section will be displayed on the UI even though the user does not have the authority to display the type of the change request. This procedure also locks the change request, preventing an authorized user from making changes.

#### Other Terms
Authority object **USMD_CREQ**, **MDG**, Broken Authentication, [CVE-2020-6256](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2020-6256)

#### Reason and Prerequisites
Currently, the authority for the change request type is only checked to determine the field status of the displayed entity and the visibility and state of buttons.

### Solution
Apply the correction provided in this note. Without having display authorization for the change request type, you will receive an error page instead of the UI that displays the entity and the change request.

[Apply Correction Instructions](https://me.sap.com/corrins/0002912747/11644)

### CVSS

- **Score:** 5.4
- **Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:N/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:N/A:L
  - **Attack Vector (AV):** Network (N)
  - **Attack Complexity (AC):** Low (L)
  - **Privileges Required (PR):** Low (L)
  - **User Interaction (UI):** None (N)
  - **Scope (S):** Unchanged (U)
  - **Confidentiality Impact (C):** Low (L)
  - **Integrity Impact (I):** None (N)
  - **Availability Impact (A):** Low (L)

### Useful Links
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000000796502020)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002912747?language=en-US&token=58D12847E383C0A6EA88139CF5A94ADF)
- [Show Changes](https://me.sap.com/notesLatestChanges/0002912747/E/diff)

---

Credits to [Redrays](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.