595383 - Security, Agate configuration files can be read

**SAP Security Note 595383**

---

### Symptom
Security, Agate configuration files can be read.

### Reason and Prerequisites
This is a program error. By entering relative pathnames (for example: `..\..`), you can read out the Agate configuration files if the `~template` parameter is not set in each service file.

### Solution
The following program corrections are available to eliminate the error:

- **ITS 46DC4:** Patch level 446
- **ITS 610C1:** Patch level 24
- **ITS 620:** Patch level 3

After importing the patch, check the template details in your application. Replace relative pathnames with absolute pathnames.

#### Additional Registry Settings

**For ITS Version 6.10 and 46DC4:**

Insert the following DWORD key in the Registry at:

```
HKLM\software\sap\its\2.0\<VirtualInstanceName>\Programs\SAPirf
```

- `Value = 0` → Relative pathname (e.g., `../../file.html`) is not allowed
- `Value = 1` → Relative pathnames allowed, but not recommended.

**For ITS 620:**

The key name for the XML file is:

```
Programs\SAPirf\AllowDoubleDotInPath
```

*Note:* A change to the default setting in ITS 620 is not recommended. By default, relative path names are deactivated in ITS 620, whereas they are allowed by default in ITS 610 and 46D.

### Affected Software Components
- **BC-FES-ITS**
  - From Version 46D C4 to 46D C4
  - From Version 610 to 620

### Downloads
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000015368652017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0000595383?language=en-US&token=F7529EDEE103F8ADEE17523BD18F4F80)

For more details and to access additional resources, visit [SAP Support](https://me.sap.com/).

---

*Credits to [Redrays](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*