SAP Security Note 2528284 - Information Disclosure in SAP NetWeaver Mobile Client

**Symptom**

The user logon credentials were encrypted and saved in a CRED file under the local directory of NetWeaver Mobile Client which could be reversed and manipulated.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS v3 Base Score:** 3.3 / 10
- **CVSS v3 Base Vector:**
  
  | Metric                           | Value                |
  |----------------------------------|----------------------|
  | Attack Vector (AV)               | Local (L)            |
  | Attack Complexity (AC)           | Low (L)              |
  | Privileges Required (PR)         | Low (L)              |
  | User Interaction (UI)            | None (N)             |
  | Scope (S)                        | Unchanged (U)        |
  | Confidentiality Impact (C)       | Low (L)              |
  | Integrity Impact (I)             | None (N)             |
  | Availability Impact (A)          | None (N)             |

SAP provides this CVSS v3 base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [https://me.sap.com/securitynotes](https://me.sap.com/securitynotes).

**Other Terms**

SAP NetWeaver Mobile Client, 711 Mobile Client, Data Orchestration Engine, weak encryption, NetWeaver Mobile Client, 7.11 NetWeaver Mobile Client SP 17 Patch 01, Data Orchestration Engine (DOE), 7.10 NetWeaver Mobile Client, 7.30 NetWeaver Mobile Client

**Reason and Prerequisites**

- **Reason:**
  
  The encryption algorithm which was used to encrypt and store the logon credentials was weak and could be reversed.

- **Prerequisites:**
  
  You are using NetWeaver Mobile Client:
  
  - 7.10 SP 21 or below
  - 7.11 SP 16 or below
  - 7.30 SP 04 or below

**Solution**

Code changes have been implemented to use strong encryption via the Windows Certificate store, ensuring that CRED files are no longer stored in the Mobile Client folder. This resolves the information disclosure of customer logon credentials.

To apply the fix, please upgrade to at least the patch level mentioned in the "SP Patch Level" section of this note, as relevant to your release and service pack.

**Support Package Patches**

- **NW MOBILE CLIENT SETUP 7.30**
  
  - **SP005 Patch Level:** [Download](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/swdc/notes?cvnr=01200615320200015963&support_package=SP005&patch_level=000007)

- **NW MOBILE CLIENT SETUP 7.11**
  
  - **SP017 Patch Level:** [Download](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/swdc/notes?cvnr=01200615320200012371&support_package=SP017&patch_level=000001)

- **NW MOBILE CLIENT SETUP 7.10**
  
  - **SP022 Patch Level:** [Download](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/swdc/notes?cvnr=01200615320200009464&support_package=SP022&patch_level=000001)

For more details and to access additional resources, visit [SAP Support](https://me.sap.com/).

*Credits to [RedRays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provision of this information.*