1677068 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in PLM-PPM-PDN

### Symptom
PLM-PPM-PDN can be abused by an attacker, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

### Other Terms
Reflected cross-site scripting, XSS, PLM-PPM-PDN

### Reason and Prerequisites
ITS Services within PLM-PPM-PDN do not sufficiently encode input parameters, resulting in a reflected cross-site scripting issue. A reflected cross-site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a website.

Reflected cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

### Solution
Please apply this note or import the changes via the relevant support package.

**Run Report** `RITS_XSS_PARAM_PDN`

For releases 110 and 200:
1. Go to transaction SE80
2. Navigate to Repository Infosystem > Web Objects > ITS Services
3. Select Service: `PDN_WUI_2_DYNP` and execute
4. Enter the two parameters:
   - `~AUTO_HTML_ESCAPING` = 1
   - `~NEW_XSS_FUNCTIONS` = 1

### Download Links
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000009959172017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001677068?language=en-US&token=6F93F17FAF320510ADB045BCC094B08B)

### Support Packages
Relevant support packages are available for the following software components. Visit the [SAP Support Portal](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPKGPAA34) for more details:
- EA-APPL 110: SAPKGPAA34
- EA-APPL 200: SAPKGPAB23
- EA-APPL 500: SAPKGPAC27
- EA-APPL 600: SAPKGPAD21, SAPKGPAD22
- EA-APPL 602: SAPK-60211INEAAPPL, SAPK-60212INEAAPPL
- EA-APPL 603: SAPK-60310INEAAPPL, SAPK-60311INEAAPPL
- EA-APPL 604: SAPK-60411INEAAPPL, SAPK-60412INEAAPPL
- EA-APPL 605: SAPK-60509INEAAPPL, SAPK-60508INEAAPPL
- EA-APPL 606: SAPK-60604INEAAPPL, SAPK-60603INEAAPPL

For detailed correction instructions, visit [Correction Instructions](https://me.sap.com/corrins/0001677068/229).

*Credits to [Red Rays](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*