2753497 - [CVE-2019-0274] Denial of service (DOS) in SAP Work and Inventory Manager

**Symptom**

SAP Work Manager and SAP Inventory Manager allow an attacker to prevent legitimate users from accessing a service, either by crashing or flooding the service.

Some well-known impacts of Denial of Service vulnerability are:

- Long response delays and service interruptions, thus degrading the service quality experienced by legitimate users
- Direct impact on availability

**Other Terms**

**DoS**, **DDoS**, Distributed Denial of Service, Uncontrolled Resource Consumption, Resource Exhaustion, [CVE-2019-0274](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2019-0274)

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Both the SAP Work Manager client and the SAP Inventory Manager client are built using the SAP Mobile Platform SDK. The SAP Mobile Platform SDK Agentry Client is vulnerable to a denial of service attack on the Android platform. The other supported client platforms, iOS and Windows desktops, are not affected.

Please note, the vulnerability exists in both SAP Mobile Platform (SMP) SDK 3.0 and 3.1. Since SMP 3.0 is out of maintenance, customers are required to upgrade to SMP 3.1 or later to resolve the issue. The same is denoted in the Validity section of this note.

**Solution**

The denial of service vulnerability is mitigated by correctly validating input data.

To resolve this issue, upgrade to SMP Mobile Platform SDK 3.1 SP03 PL02, SDK 3.1 SP04, or later.

**Download and Documentation**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000000443682019)
- [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002753497?language=en-US&token=AB2BCB154F0735E75375146BB08D3131)

**CVSS**

- **Score:** 5.5
- **Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:N/UI:R/S:U/C:N/I:N/A:H

**Components Affected**

- AGENTRY_SDK 7.0
- AGENTRY_SDK 7.1

**Support Package Patches**

- AGENTRY SDK 7.1 SP003 Patch Level 000002: [View Patch](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/swdc/notes?cvnr=73554900100200008941&support_package=SP003&patch_level=000002)

*Credits to [RedRays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*