1488696 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in PI Admin

## Symptom

The NetWeaver Process Integration (NW PI) Administration tool can be abused by a malicious user allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

## Other Terms

Reflected Cross Site Scripting, XSS, NW PI Web Administration Tool

## Reason and Prerequisites

A Java Server Page (JSP) used to display cache status of NW PI does not sufficiently encode input HTTP parameters, resulting in a reflected cross site scripting issue. A reflected cross site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a web site.

Reflected cross site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data may use this to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. In case of an administrator being impersonated, a full compromise of the application's security can occur.

Starting from 7.1, this page was replaced by a new one based on web-dynpro for Java. However, the old page still exists.

**Affected Releases:**
- SAP XI 6.40
- SAP XI 7.00
- SAP XI 7.01
- SAP XI 7.02
- SAP PI 7.10
- SAP PI 7.11
- SAP PI 7.30

*Note: SAP PI 7.20 is not affected as there is no PI 7.20. SAP PI 7.31 is not vulnerable to this attack.*

## Solution

The provided patch fixes the problem by ensuring that the HTTP client (browser) never receives HTTP input parameters as-is, but in an HTML-escaped manner. This removes the danger of reflective XSS attacks.

**Fixed Versions and Patch Levels:**
- SAP XI 6.40 SP23
- SAP XI 7.00 SP18
- SAP XI 7.01 SP03
- SAP XI 7.02 SP03
- SAP PI 7.10 SP7
- SAP PI 7.11 SP2
- SAP PI 7.30 SP0

Please apply the appropriate support package from the list above or apply the correction from the [SAP Security Note 1488696](https://me.sap.com/notes/0001488696).

**Download Options:**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017065222017)
- [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001488696?language=en-US&token=AF8B57930CE18EF88D4B451B3CCA4383)

For more details and related information, visit the [SAP Security Notes](https://me.sap.com/notes/0001488696).

*Credits: Information provided by [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io).*