SAP Security Note 3049661: Multiple Vulnerabilities in SAP Business One for SAP HANA

## Symptom

This SAP Security Note addresses several vulnerabilities identified in SAP Business One for SAP HANA. The vulnerability details along with their CVE relevant information can be found below.

### Information Disclosure
Under certain conditions, the Chef `business-one-hana-chef-cookbook`, used to install SAP Business One for SAP HANA, allows an attacker to exploit an insecure temporary backup path and access restricted information.

- **[CVE-2021-27616](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2021-27616)**
- **CVSS:** 7.8  
  **Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H

### Code Injection
The Chef `business-one-hana-chef-cookbook`, used to install SAP Business One on SAP HANA, allows an attacker to inject code that can be executed by the application, enabling control over the application's behavior.

- **[CVE-2021-27614](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2021-27614)**
- **CVSS:** 7.3  
  **Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:L/I:H/A:H

## Solution

Please be aware that the Chef `business-one-hana-chef-cookbook` is only meant to be used for testing SAP Business One systems.

To resolve the issues:

1. **Update the cookbook** to version **0.1.20 or later**.
2. **Delete the impacted test systems**.
3. **Recreate new systems** through Chef.

## Workaround

As a temporary workaround, you can uninstall and reinstall the impacted SAP Business One components manually. Please assess the applicability of this workaround for your SAP landscape prior to implementation. Note that this workaround is temporary and SAP strongly recommends applying the corrections outlined in the security note.

## CVSS Details

- **CVSS Score:** 7.8
- **CVSS Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:L/PR:L/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H

## References

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000000673072021)
- [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0003049661?language=en-US&token=1A9B0050D9198CC30601F21678F609A0)

---

Credits to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provided information.