1494631 - Converting data access for third-party collection

## Description

### Symptom
Some data accesses do not meet the required security standards. As a result, an attacker may be able to change, display, or delete any data in the system by making specific entries in the third-party collection.

### Other Terms
- **Line of business:** Basis
- **Technologies:** SQL, Structured Query Language, SQL injection

### Reason and Prerequisites
The problem may be caused by an SQL injection vulnerability. In the source code, an SQL statement is constructed using strings. An attacker may be able to gain control over the contents of a substring. Using the substring, the attacker may manipulate the entire statement and execute all SQL statements with the privileges of the database user that is logged on.

### Solution
For an advanced correction, implement the source code corrections and perform the manual tasks outlined below.

## Actions
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000008845732017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001494631?language=en-US&token=76AB61115FF876C5D090949B1979043D)
- Share by Email
- Open in New Window

## Support Packages
| Software Component Version | Support Package    | URL                                                                                      |
|----------------------------|--------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| FSPM 410                   | SAPK-41005INFSPM    | [Download](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPK-41005INFSPM)                           |
| FSPM 500                   | SAPK-50004INFSPM    | [Download](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPK-50004INFSPM)                           |
| FSPM 510                   | SAPK-51001INFSPM    | [Download](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPK-51001INFSPM)                           |

## Correction Instructions
To apply the correction instructions, follow the steps below:

1. Call transaction `/PM0/3FW_CHG_ORIG`.
2. Double-click "Workplace" and load application `00001 (FS-PM)`.
3. Choose the following path:
   - `00001`
     - `Meta Model`
       - `Object Models`
         - `Persistence Models`
4. Edit the persistence model with the persistence service ID `EMPLYR_/PM0/ABDMEMPLYR`.
5. Delete the template name `/PM0/TL_ABM_DAU_DAO` from the "Generation Data - Dialog Processing".
6. Save your entries.

## Credits
Thanks to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provision of this information.