SAP Security Note 1987210: Unauthorized modification of stored content in Payroll Data Source Framework

**Summary**

- **Type:** SAP Security Note
- **Priority:** Correction with medium priority
- **Status:** Released for Customer
- **Released On:** 05.03.2014
- **Component:** Payroll > Payroll: General Parts > Obsolete - please use PY-LOC* components instead

**Description**

### Symptom

The Payroll Data Source Framework can be abused by an attacker to modify application content, persist the changes without authorization, and potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

### Impact

This vulnerability allows for stored cross-site scripting (XSS), enabling attackers to:

- Steal user authentication information.
- Impersonate users.
- Potentially compromise the security of the entire application if an administrator is targeted.

### Reason and Prerequisites

The OData service `PYD_FRW` provided by the Payroll Data Source Framework results in a stored XSS issue. This service is only active if the Business Function `HCM_LOC_CI_62` ("Payroll Data Source Framework") is enabled.

### Solution

Apply the following correction instructions to resolve the issue.

**Correction Instructions**

```plaintext
In message class PYD_FND, manually create message 013 with text "Unsupported characters found". The message does not get a long text assigned, thus, the flag "self-explanatory" has to be set.
```

**Download Links**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000011729032017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001987210?language=en-US&token=B143A6E0F0AEF0BC3975F51609D199D3)

**Support Package**

- **SAP_HRRXX 608:** [SAPK-60801INSAPHRRXX](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPK-60801INSAPHRRXX)

**Applicable Software Components**

- **SAP_HRRXX** from version 608 onwards.

**Credits**

Thanks to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support and provided information.