SAP Security Note 1941562 - Unauthorized modification of stored content in BI-BIP-INV

**SAP Security Note 1941562**

**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 3  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** June 10, 2014  
**Component:** Business intelligence solutions > Business intelligence platform > InfoView, BI launch pad  
**Recency:** New  
**Category:** Program error  
**Language:** English  
**CVSS Base Score:** 3.5  
**CVSS Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:S/C:N/I:P/A:N

### Symptom

BI-BIP-INV can be abused by an attacker, allowing them to modify application content, persist the modified content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

### CVSS Information

- **CVSS Base Score:** 3.5  
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:S/C:N/I:P/A:N

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the [FAQ section](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/) at SAP Security Notes.

### Other Terms

Stored cross-site scripting, XSS, BI-BIP-INV

### Reason and Prerequisites

BI EDGE 4.0 SP0 results in a stored cross-site scripting issue. It can be used to permanently modify displayed content from a Web site, allowing the attacker to embed content that is rendered automatically, without the attacker having to target victims individually.

Stored cross-site scripting can also be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session.

An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

### Solution

Please install the latest version **BI EDGE 4.1** to prevent any of these vulnerabilities.

**Download for SNOTE:** [https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017760272017](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017760272017)  
**PDF Version:** [https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001941562?language=en-US&token=61CDAC75FE803327A3A06B4E5244E9E9](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001941562?language=en-US&token=61CDAC75FE803327A3A06B4E5244E9E9)

*Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing the information.*