1942332 - potential XSS vulnerability in BPC 75 NW Web

**Symptom**

BPC75 NW Web can be abused by an attacker, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS Base Score:** 4.3
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:N/C:N/I:P/A:N

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the [FAQ section](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

**Other Terms**

Reflected cross-site scripting, XSS, BPC 75 NW Web

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Some Web page within BPC75 NW Web do not sufficiently encode input parameters, resulting in a cross-site scripting issue. A reflected cross-site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a Web site.

Reflected cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

**Solution**

For BPC75 NW, please upgrade to SP16 Patch03 or later Support Packages.

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017761362017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001942332?language=en-US&token=445829D2894D5C7BAE912FF94497B577)

**References**

- [Planning and Consolidation 7.5 SP16 Patch3 NW Central Note](https://me.sap.com/notes/1927395)

*Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*