1848319 - Missing authorization check in BC-ABA-TV

**SAP Security Note 1848319**

- **Type:** SAP Security Note
- **Version:** 2
- **Recency:** New
- **Category:** Program error
- **Priority:** Correction with high priority
- **Status:** Released for Customer
- **Released On:** June 11, 2013
- **Component:** BC-ABA-TV

### Title
**Missing authorization check in BC-ABA-TV**

### Description

#### Symptom
An authenticated user can use functions of BC-ABA-TV to which access should be restricted. This may result in an escalation of privileges.

#### CVSS Information
- **CVSS Base Score:** 6.0
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:S/C:P/I:P/A:P

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the [FAQ section](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

#### Reason and Prerequisites
BC-ABA-TV does not contain authorization checks for verifying an authenticated user's authorization to access some of its functions. This may result in undesired system behavior.

#### Solution
Implement the corrections using the Note Assistant or import the relevant Support Package.

### Actions
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000010925922017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001848319?language=en-US&token=1DC7F0031C923D6F70AFBC445D3A0384)

*Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.*