1484773 - Spend Performance Management User session does not time out

## Symptom

This security note has been updated. For more detailed information, see [Security Note 1639392](https://me.sap.com/notes/1639392).

Lack of synchronization between the Enterprise Portal and Spend Performance Management caused improper default configuration of Spend Performance Management. Starting with version 2.0, a malicious user can remotely exploit Spend Performance Management, rendering it available to unauthorized requesters. This deficiency might lead to issues with regards to confidentiality and integrity of data stored in a system.

## Other Terms

Unauthorized request, timeout, Enterprise Portal, Spend Performance Management

## Reason and Prerequisites

Lack of synchronization between the Enterprise Portal and Spend Performance Management caused improper default configuration of Spend Performance Management starting with version 2.0.

## Solution

This problem is resolved in **2.0 SP1**. From that version upwards, the Enterprise Portal timeout setting is considered after the user is inactive for the time specified in the setting. There are no additional security-related activities associated with an upgrade to 2.0 SP1. There are no alternative means of fixing this issue other than applying 2.0 SP1.

Please apply the support package to resolve this issue. You can download the support package [here](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/swdc/notes?cvnr=01200615320200011399&support_package=SP000&patch_level=000000).

For more information, view the full note [1484773](https://me.sap.com/notes/0001484773).

*Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*