513864 - EP 5.0 SP3: Single Sign-On with User ID/Password to R/3

**SAP Note Number**: 513864  
**Title**: EP 5.0 SP3: Single Sign-On with User ID/Password to R/3  
**Type**: SAP Security Note  
**Version**: 3  
**Recency**: New  
**Language**: English  
**Category**: Consulting  
**Priority**: Correction with low priority  
**Status**: Released for Customer  
**Released On**: 08.10.2009  
**Component**: Enterprise Portal > SAP Enterprise Portal (On Premise) > Security > SingleSignOn  

### Description

**Symptom**  
You wish to use Single Sign-On with user ID and password to R/3 Systems.

**Other Terms**  
Single Sign-On, user mapping, R/3 System, SAP system

**Reason and Prerequisites**  
*No content provided.*

**Solution**  
As of Enterprise Portal 5.0 SP3, you can use Single Sign-On with user ID and password to access the following SAP application types:

- Transactions using SAP GUI for HTML, SAP GUI for Java, and SAP GUI for Windows
- Internet Application Components (IACs)
- MiniApps
- Business Server Pages (BSPs)
- BW reports
- Drag&Relate objects

**Warning**: In the above cases, the user ID and password are transmitted in plain text in the URL. The URL is requested using the HTTP GET method, so even using HTTPS is not completely safe. The URLs containing the user ID and password in plain text can be logged by the Web server or eavesdropped by an external party.

In general, we recommend using Single Sign-On with SAP logon tickets or client certificates. Single Sign-On with user ID and password should only be used if no other Single Sign-On method is possible. It has the following advantages:

- It can be used for SSO to SAP Systems that do not support SAP logon tickets (release < 4.0B).
- You do not have to have Central User Administration in place. Users can have different user IDs in the different systems of the system landscape.

### Actions

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000015401222017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0000513864?language=en-US&token=7DAAF8519F11838FCB84382463C97DD6)
- Share by Email
- Open in New Window

### References

**This document refers to**  
- [448831 - EP 5.0: Central Note for EP-PIN-SEC (Security)](https://me.sap.com/notes/448831)  
- [448828 - EP 5.0: Central Note for EP-PIN-USM (User Management)](https://me.sap.com/notes/448828)

**This document is referenced by**  
- [448828 - EP 5.0: Central Note for EP-PIN-USM (User Management)](https://me.sap.com/notes/448828)

### Validity

**Software Components**  
- EP-PSERV: From 5.0 To 5.0

### CVSS

**CVSS Score**: 0  
**CVSS Vector**: N/A

### Rating

**Rated Helpful**: 0 people  
**Quality Rating**: 0.0/5.0 (0 votes)

### Side Effects

**This document solves side effects**  
*None*

**This document is causing side effects**  
*None*

*Credits: Thanks to [Red Rays](https://redrays.io) for supporting the information provided.*