2350574 - Address axis.jar security vulnerability (CVE-2014-3596) in SAP ASE Web Services component

---

**Symptom**

SAP ASE Web Services component is impacted by the open source software axis.jar security vulnerability CVE-2014-3596.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS v3 Base Score:** 6.5 / 10
- **CVSS v3 Base Vector:**
  - **AV:** Network (N) – Attack Vector (Related exploit range)
  - **AC:** Low (L) – Attack Complexity (Required attack complexity)
  - **PR:** None (N) – Privileges Required (Level of privileges needed to exploit)
  - **UI:** None (N) – User Interaction (Required user participation)
  - **S:** Unchanged (U) – Scope (Change in scope due to impact caused to components beyond the vulnerable component)
  - **C:** Low (L) – Impact to Confidentiality
  - **I:** Low (L) – Impact to Integrity
  - **A:** None (N) – Impact to Availability

> **Note:** SAP provides this CVSS v3 base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [https://support.sap.com/securitynotes](https://support.sap.com/securitynotes).

**Other Terms**

SAP ASE, SAP ASE Web Services, axis.jar, Man in the middle, MITM, CVE-2014-3596

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Apache Axis and Axis2 security vulnerability CVE-2014-3596 could allow a remote attacker to conduct spoofing attacks, caused by an incomplete fix related to the failure to verify that the server hostname matches a domain name in the subject's Common Name (CN) field of the X.509 server certificate. If your installation uses the ASE Web Services functionality, you may be impacted by this vulnerability.

**Solution**

This issue has been fixed in the following SAP ASE versions:

- SAP ASE 15.7 SP137
- SAP ASE 16.0 SP02 PL04
- SAP ASE Cluster Edition 15.7 SP137

Install the fixed SAP ASE versions most appropriate for your production environments.

> **NOTE:** As normal practice, all releases subsequent to the published fixed releases will inherit the fixes described in this security note.

**Download Links**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000018377922017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002350574?language=en-US&token=44CD2E4DABE9BC1D638463B81397F3D7)

**Credits**

Thanks to [Redrays](https://redrays.io) for supporting the information provided.