SAP Security Note 2693083: [CVE-2018-2481] Leveraging privileges by customer transaction code

**Symptom**

In some SAP standard roles, a transaction code reserved for customers is used. By implementing such a transaction code, a malicious user may execute unauthorized transaction functionality.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS v3 Base Score:** 7.6 / 10
- **CVSS v3 Base Vector:**
  - **Attack Vector (AV):** Network (N)
  - **Attack Complexity (AC):** High (H)
  - **Privileges Required (PR):** High (H)
  - **User Interaction (UI):** Required (R)
  - **Scope (S):** Changed (C)
  - **Confidentiality Impact (C):** High (H)
  - **Integrity Impact (I):** High (H)
  - **Availability Impact (A):** High (H)

SAP provides this CVSS v3 base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the [FAQ section](https://support.sap.com/securitynotes).

**Other Terms**

- Transaction code: ZPTTNO_TIME
- SAP role: SAP_PS_RM_PRO_RECMANAGER
- [CVE-2018-2481](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2018-2481)

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Profile authorization can be assigned to a user incidentally. If the user is aware of this fact, they may develop their own transaction with malicious functionality and execute the custom transaction. This enables the user to escalate their privileges. The user needs permission to develop such a transaction and to transport it to the productive system at the end.

**Solution**

- The transaction code ZPTTNO_TIME is removed from the standard role SAP_PS_RM_PRO_RECMANAGER.
- **Action Items:**
  - Review your assignment of the SAP_PS_RM_PRO_RECMANAGER role.
  - Apply the support packages mentioned in this SAP Note to correct the role.

**References**

- This document refers to [SAP Note 2392860](https://me.sap.com/notes/2392860)

**Download Links**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000002204802018)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002693083?language=en-US&token=C469FAFDD577C16D8F31AA5F66FF2172)

*Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*