Missing Authorization Check in SAP Mobile Platform Native SDK, Android (SAP Note 2695776)

**Description**

**Symptom**
There are Improper Access Control (CWE-284), Use of Implicit Intent for Sensitive Communication (CWE-927), and Improper Verification of Source of a Communication Channel (CWE-940) vulnerability issues in the SMP Native SDK Android Federation library if application developers do not protect their apps with their own signing permissions.

**Reason and Prerequisites**
By default, the necessary permission was not defined in the Federation library. However, application developers can define their own permission to protect the Federation library’s data using the Android manifest merging mechanism. If this permission is not defined by the application developer, the application becomes vulnerable. Additionally, the user must install a third-party application that exploits the vulnerability.

**Solution**
The Federation library now includes a default signature permission, ensuring that by default, only applications signed with the same developer signing key can communicate with each other, preventing other third-party applications from accessing the data. When implementing this security note, application developers should be aware of the following options:

1. **Use the new Federation library as is (including the default signing permission):** All applications must be rebuilt with this permission by including the new Federation library in each application.
2. **Overwrite the default permission:** Continue using the existing permission by overriding the default permission.

**Affected Components**
- **Software Component:** SMP_NATIVE_SDK
- **Version:** 3.1

**CVSS Score**
- **Score:** 7.4 (High)
- **Vector:** CVSS:3.0/AV:L/AC:H/PR:N/UI:N/S:U/C:H/I:H/A:H

**Recommended Actions**
- Apply the security note to update the Federation library.
- Rebuild applications with the new signing permission or overwrite the default permission as per your application's requirements.
- Ensure that all systems into which you transport the Note are updated accordingly.

**Download Links**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000000044292020)
- [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002695776?language=en-US&token=EC3310B14E88082130CA81D8AB9C7E9C)

For more details, visit the [SAP Support Portal](https://me.sap.com/).

*Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*