2113333 - Multiple SQL Injection Vulnerabilities in SAP ASE

---

**SAP Security Note 2113333** addresses multiple SQL injection vulnerabilities in SAP ASE that could allow authenticated users to elevate their privileges within the system.

### Symptom

An authenticated user can exploit specific commands in SAP ASE to elevate the user's privileges in the system.

### CVSS Information

- **Base Score:** 8.5 / 10
- **Vector:**
  - **Access Vector (AV):** Network (N)
  - **Access Complexity (AC):** Medium (M)
  - **Authentication (Au):** Single (S)
  - **Impact:**
    - **Confidentiality (C):** Complete (C)
    - **Integrity (I):** Complete (C)
    - **Availability (A):** Complete (C)

*Note:* The CVSS base score is an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. It does not account for your specific system configuration or operational environment. Conduct your own risk assessments to determine the applicability and priority of this security note. For more information, refer to the [SAP Security Notes FAQ](https://me.sap.com/service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

### Reason and Prerequisites

An authenticated user can create special strings that manipulate SQL statements being executed, allowing the attacker to elevate privileges within the system. This issue is caused by a SQL injection vulnerability.

### Solution

This issue has been fixed in the following SAP ASE versions:

- **SAP ASE 16.0 GA PL05**
- **SAP ASE 15.7 SP130**
- **SAP ASE 15.5 ESD#5.4**
- **SAP ASE 15.0.3 ESD#4.4**

Install the fixed SAP ASE versions most appropriate for your production environments.

**Note:** As standard practice, all releases subsequent to the published fixed releases will inherit the fixes described in this security note.

### Resources

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000018006322017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002113333?language=en-US&token=6093F7873B79B6CEF983F11FFC7BDD5C)

Credits to [Redrays](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.