2053074 - Potential modification of persisted data in Afaria Server

**SAP Security Note 2053074**

**Title:** Potential modification of persisted data in Afaria Server

**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 2  
**Recency:** New  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 12.08.2014  
**Component:** Business Mobile > Afaria

### Description

**Symptom**

An attacker can exploit Afaria and use specially crafted inputs to modify database commands, resulting in the modification of data persisted by the system.

Vulnerable versions of Afaria are:

- Afaria 7 SP4

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS Base Score:** 8.8  
- **CVSS Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:N/C:N/I:C/A:C

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

**Reason and Prerequisites**

The problem is caused by an SQL injection vulnerability. The code composes an SQL statement that contains strings that can be altered by an attacker. The manipulated SQL statement can then be used to modify information in the database.

**Solution**

If you are running Afaria 7 SP4, we strongly recommend updating, at a minimum, to 7SP4AfariaFX11.

### Actions

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017924592017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002053074?language=en-US&token=2F7654659D101BC8D7AFCCE30401D8CC)

Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.