SAP Security Note 1569628 - Missing authorization check in FWSD/FSD

---

### **Header Data**
- **SAP Note/KBA:** 1569628
- **Type:** SAP Security Note
- **Version:** 5
- **Recency:** New
- **Language:** English
- **Master Language:** English
- **Category:** Program error
- **Priority:** Correction with medium priority
- **Release Status:** Released for Customer
- **Released On:** 13.03.2012
- **Component:** TM-FWS (Transportation Management (no software transports) > Forwarding Settlement)

### **Title**
**1569628 - Missing authorization check in FWSD/FSD**

### **Description**
#### Symptom
An authenticated user can use functions of FWSD/FSD to which access should be restricted. This may result in an escalation of privileges.

#### Other Terms
Authorization, authorization check, FWSD, FSD

#### Reason and Prerequisites
FWSD/FSD does not contain authorization checks for verifying an authenticated user's authorization to access some of its functions. This may result in undesired system behavior.

#### Solution
Implement the correction from the correction instruction.

### **Actions**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000009310332017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001569628?language=en-US&token=8940B8AF132576E875C26A0F7CC35585)
- Share by Email
- Open in New Window

### **References**
- **This document refers to:**
  - [1562171 - Information disclosure within transportation management](https://me.sap.com/notes/1562171)

### **Correction Instructions**
1. Go to Transaction SU21
2. Navigate to SCTS
3. Double click on authorization object `T_CF_CAT`
4. Click on Display ↔ Change Button (F5) and then click on Permitted activities
5. Check the flag for the following Activities:
    - `06` (delete)
    - `09` (display pricing)
6. Similarly, change the activities for authorization objects `T_CF_TYPE`, `T_SF_CAT`, and `T_SF_TYPE`.
7. Save
8. In the correction request, include the above authorization objects for transporting the changes.
9. Go to SE09. Open the correction request. Double click on the request. In the objects tab, click on Add and add the following objects:
    - `R3TR SUSO T_CF_CAT`
    - `R3TR SUSO T_CF_TYPE`
    - `R3TR SUSO T_SF_CAT`
    - `R3TR SUSO T_SF_TYPE`
10. Save

### **Preconditions**
- **Software Component:** SAPTM
- **Valid From:** 100
- **Valid To:** 100
- **SAP Note/KBA:** [1569628](https://me.sap.com/notes/1569628)
- **Title:** Missing authorization check in FWSD/FSD
- **Component:** TM-FWS

---

*Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provided information.*