SAP Security Note 1679172 - Unauthorized modification in BSP application in CRM-BF-SVY

**SAP Note Number:** 1679172  
**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 1  
**Recency:** New  
**Language:** English  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 08.05.2012  
**Component:** Customer Relationship Management > Basic Functions > Survey Suite  

### Symptom
CRM-BF-SVY can be abused by a malicious user, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

### Other Terms
Cross-site scripting, XSS, CRM-BF-SVY

### Reason and Prerequisites
BSP Page(s) within CRM-BF-SVY do not sufficiently encode OUTPUT parameters, resulting in a cross-site scripting issue.

Cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. A malicious user who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user.

If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

### Solution
Please apply this note or import the changes via the relevant support package.

The changes that come with this correction will include a switch of the HTMLB-design for the following application(s):

**CRM_SVY_SERVER**

The design defines how the application is rendered. If the application was rendered with CLASSIC or DESIGN2002, it will now use DESIGN2008. There will be no impact on the functionality of your application. Switching to the new design is necessary due to compatibility reasons that were not fulfilled by CLASSIC and DESIGN2002.

**[Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000009973532017)**  
**[PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001679172?language=en-US&token=1A7991A6E57157FCE03A893CA7E8EBF9)**

Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.