1621070 - Identification of SAP Web Servers through Banners

**Symptom**
Potential information disclosure relating to server version information.

**Other Terms**
Information disclosure, server headers, server version

**Reason and Prerequisites**
A malicious user can discover the server version using information contained in the server headers sent by default by the web container. This information could be used to allow the malicious user to specialize their attacks against the server.

**Solution**
Please follow the next steps to deactivate the server headers revealing additional information.

**I. Deactivate headers sent by the web container:**
1.  Open Configtool.
2a. For versions prior to 7.10 - go to `cluster-data -> Global server configuration -> services -> http`
2b. For versions 7.10 and later - go to `cluster-data -> template - (template-usage-type) -> services -> http`
3.  Click on the **UseServerHeader** property
4.  In the Value field type:
    **false**
5.  Press the **Set** button in the top-right corner
6.  Press the **Save** button (diskette icon) in the top-left corner
7.  Confirm all popups
8.  Restart the server nodes for changes to take effect

**II. Deactivate header sent by the ICM (only for versions 7.10 and newer):**
1. In the profile file  configure the following property:
    **is/HTTP/show_server_header=FALSE**
    The default profile file is recommended. It is located under **/usr/sap/&lt;SID&gt;/SYS/profile/DEFAULT.PFL**
2. Restart ICM.

**Download Links**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017293042017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001621070?language=en-US&token=84D74BC45567D693ED8CDC1B440E3DA7)

*Credits to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*