1986396 - Unauthorized modification of displayed content in BI-RA-WBI

**Description**

### Symptom

BI-RA-WBI can be abused by an attacker, allowing them to modify displayed application content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

**CVSS Information**

- **CVSS Base Score:** 4.3
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:M/AU:N/C:N/I:P/A:N

_SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/)._

### Other Terms

Reflected cross-site scripting, XSS, BI-RA-WBI

### Reason and Prerequisites

Some of the HTTP URLs within BI-RA-WBI do not sufficiently encode parameters, resulting in a reflected cross-site scripting issue. A reflected cross-site scripting attack can be used to non-permanently deface or modify displayed content from a website.

Reflected cross-site scripting can be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

### Solution

The issue has been fixed in the following **SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise** releases:

- **SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise BI 4.0 Service Package 6 patch 12**
- **SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise BI 4.0 Service Package 7 patch 12**
- **SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise BI 4.0 Service Package 8 patch 9**
- **SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise BI 4.0 Service Package 9 patch 1**
- **SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise BI 4.0 Service Package 10**
- **SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise BI 4.1 Service Package 1 patch 11**
- **SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise BI 4.1 Service Package 2 patch 9**
- **SAP BusinessObjects Enterprise BI 4.1 Service Package 3**

For more details and to download the fixes, visit the [SAP Note 1986396 Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017833062017) or view the [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001986396?language=en-US&token=59996C1C87CB47A0F121D902194C7473).

**Affected Components**

- **Component:** Business intelligence solutions > Reporting, analysis, and dashboards > Web Intelligence
- **SAP Component Key:** BI-RA-WBI

**Prerequisites**

No prerequisites listed.

**References**

_No references are associated with this document._

**Attachments**

_No attachments are available for this document._

**Rate this document**

_0 people have rated this document as helpful._

*Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support and information provided.*