1474473 - BSP Application SRMSUS_LOGON unnecessary

**SAP Note Number:** 1474473  
**Title:** BSP Application SRMSUS_LOGON unnecessary  
**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 3  
**Recency:** New  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 10.08.2010  
**Component:** SRM-SUS (Supplier Relationship Management > Supplier Self-Services)  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Category:** Program error

### Description

**Symptom**  
BSP Application SRMSUS_LOGON can be deleted.  
The application was never in use and represented a potential threat when used for cross-site scripting attacks.  
In order to prevent such possible attacks, the application was deleted.

**Reason and Prerequisites**  
This is a program error caused by missing content validation for entered data when displaying it again. This vulnerability can be exploited if data is filled with scripting content to retrieve information that the user should not have access to.

**Affected Releases**
- SAP SRM 5.0
- SAP SRM 6.0
- SAP SRM 7.0
- SAP SRM 7.01

### Solution
Import the corresponding support package or use transaction SE80 to delete the BSP Application SRMSUS_LOGON.

#### Manual Activities
1. Start transaction SE80 (enter `/nSE80` into the command field).
2. Click on the "Edit Object" button.
3. In the ensuing screen, select the "Web Objects" tabstrip and flag the radio button for "BSP Application".
4. Enter `SRMSUS_LOGON` in the field.
5. Press "Delete" (trashcan icon) or hit Shift-F2.
6. In the following screens, press "Yes" and, if necessary, enter a transport number to move the changes to follow-up systems.

### Downloads
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000008723162017)
- [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001474473?language=en-US&token=5724750DBF021ED1F4F1D0253768C28D)

_Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information._