SAP Security Note 2192982 - Potential Information Disclosure Relating to TLS 1.1/1.2

## Description
You are using SAP client or server components communicating over HTTPS with **CommonCryptoLib version 8.4.38** running as the SSL/TLS library. TLS protocol versions **1.1** or **1.2** and **CBC-based ciphersuites** are turned on or allowed in your configuration.

Similar to the vulnerability reported in **CVE-2014-8730**, it is easier for man-in-the-middle attackers to obtain cleartext data via a padding-oracle attack. However, unlike CVE-2014-8730, which affects **TLS 1.0** only, this vulnerability affects **TLS 1.1 and 1.2**.

### CVSS Information
- **CVSS Base Score:** 4.3 / 10
- **Attack Vector:** Network (N)
- **Access Complexity:** Medium (M)
- **Authentication:** None (N)
- **Impact on Confidentiality:** Partial (P)
- **Impact on Integrity:** None (N)
- **Impact on Availability:** None (N)

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://me.sap.com/securitynotes).

## Other Terms
Information disclosure, TLS 1.1, TLS 1.2, CBC, BC-SEC-SSL, BC-IAM-SL

## Reason and Prerequisites
This vulnerability may be exploited by an attacker to target **TLS 1.1/1.2** in:
- **SAP AS ABAP**
- **SAP AS JAVA**
- **SAP HANA**

## Solution
To fix the vulnerability in **CommonCryptoLib version 8.4.38**, install **CommonCryptoLib version 8.4.39** or later. **CommonCryptoLib versions 8.4.37 or previous** are not affected.

### Product Specific Resolution
**Application Areas:** BC-SEC-SSL, BC-JAS-SEC  
**Products:** NetWeaver Application Server ABAP, NetWeaver Application Server Java  
See [SAP Note 510007](https://me.sap.com/notes/510007) for details on configuration and deployment.

**Application Area:** HAN-DB-SEC  
**Product:** SAP HANA XS  
SAP HANA utilizes the same cryptolibraries from NetWeaver Application Server ABAP. See [SAP Note 510007](https://me.sap.com/notes/510007) for details on configuration and deployment.

SAP takes any security-related report very seriously and will notify customers appropriately as relevant new information becomes available.

We also remind you to enhance the security of your SAP systems by installing the available security patches. For more information on SAP's security notes and patches, visit the [SAP Security Notes](https://me.sap.com/securitynotes) page.

**Download Links:**
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000018126692017)
- [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002192982?language=en-US&token=3FBC3675BB1BF2BF3876680ABAA700C8)

---
*Credits: Information supported by [redrays.io](https://redrays.io).*