1600158 - Unauthorized modification of stored content in Web Dynpro

**Description**

Web Dynpro for Java based application can be abused by a malicious user, allowing them to modify application content, persist the modified content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

**Symptom**

Web Dynpro for Java based application can be abused by a malicious user, allowing them to modify application content, persist the modified content without authorization, and to potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

**Other Terms**

Stored cross-site scripting, XSS, Web Dynpro for Java  
IWDFormattedText, java.lang.String, DDIC, NWDS

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Web Dynpro for Java based application results in a stored cross-site scripting issue.  
It can be used to permanently modify displayed content from a Web site, allowing the malicious user to embed content that is rendered automatically, without having to target victims individually.  
Stored cross-site scripting can also be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session.  
A malicious user who gains access to this data may use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the security of the application may be fully compromised.

**Solution**

Please apply the note to get the issue fixed.

**Details**

- **SAP Note/KBA:** 1600158
- **Type:** SAP Security Note
- **Version:** 2
- **Recency:** New
- **Language:** English
- **Category:** Program error
- **Priority:** Correction with high priority
- **Release Status:** Released for Customer
- **Released On:** 10.04.2012
- **Component:** Basis Components > Web Dynpro > WebDynpro Java

**Download Links**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017513692017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001600158?language=en-US&token=C00FEA140230CF0F9F7B5B00E5E3FA75)

**Supported Software Components**

- **WD-RUNTIME:** From 7.30+

**References**

- [1608569 - Unauthorized modification of stored content in Web Dynpro](https://me.sap.com/servicessupport/knowledge/1608569)
- [1395865 - How-To Download Web Dynpro SCAs](https://me.sap.com/servicessupport/knowledge/1395865)

Credits to [https://redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.