1372435 - Security note: Remote security vulnerability in B1 Lic Mngr

## Description

A remote security vulnerability has been discovered in the SAP Business One 2005 License Manager.

### Symptom

A remote attacker with TCP/IP access may be able to completely compromise the security of the machine running the License Manager.

### Reason and Prerequisites

- **Reason:** Application error

### Solution

SAP is going to provide patches to solve the described problem. The section "Reference to related Notes" below will list the specific patches when available. The corresponding Info file of patches on the SAP Service Marketplace will show the correction / SAP Note number as well. Be aware that these references can only be set at the patch release date.

To minimize the risk of security compromise, inbound TCP connections to the machine running the License Manager should be firewalled from networks/computers that do not need to interact with the License Manager. To find out where the License Manager is running and on which port it is listening, please see **Administration → License → License Administration** on any SAP Business One Client.

## Attributes

- **Externally Reported:** Yes

## Release Information

- **Released On:** 08.10.2009
- **Status:** Released for Customer

## Components

- **Component:** SAP Business One > Administration > License (SBO-ADM-LIC)

## Download Links

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000016847902017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001372435?language=en-US&token=F3CBAF2147FB58A7C83EB5ACC3F114DF)

---

*Credits to [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support to provided information.*