2016638 - Untrusted XML input parsing possible in BC-TWB-TST-ECA

---

### Symptom

A malicious user can modify an XML-based request to include malicious XML content that is then parsed locally.  
This could allow a malicious user to perform a denial of service (DoS) on the parsing system, or disclose local data that is then returned in the response to the malicious request, or access further network-located resources that are accessible from the parsing system.

**CVSS Information**  
CVSS Base Score:  5.5 / 10  
CVSS Base Vector:

| Metric                             | Value          |
|------------------------------------|----------------|
| AV : Access Vector (Related exploit range) | Network (N)    |
| AC : Access Complexity (Required attack complexity) | Low (L)       |
| Au : Authentication (Level of authentication needed to exploit) | Single (S)    |
| C : Impact to Confidentiality      | Partial (P)    |
| I  : Impact to Integrity           | None (N)       |
| A : Impact to Availability         | Partial (P)    |

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

### Other Terms

XXE, XML eXternal Entity, information disclosure, denial of service, DoS, BC-TWB-TST-ECA

### Reason and Prerequisites

The problem is caused by a program error in BC-TWB-TST-ECA due to the incorrect use of an XML parser.  
By default, the parser opens external entities referenced within an XML input, which can then lead to malicious content being parsed.  
This malicious content can reference internal resources, such as files.  
These internal resources can be disclosed in the response to the request, or can be used to perform a denial of service attack on the parsing system, rendering application content temporarily unavailable.

### Solution

Apply the corrections contained in this note or upgrade to the following SPs:

- SAP_BASIS 7.40: SP08
- SAP_BASIS 7.31: SP13
- SAP_BASIS 7.30: SP12
- SAP_BASIS 7.11: SP14
- SAP_BASIS 7.10: SP19

For more details and to download the necessary support packages, visit [https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPKB73012](https://me.sap.com/supportpackage/SAPKB73012).

---

*Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*