2316942 - Missing Authorization check in EWM for delivery / warehouse request objects

**Description**

A user can change delivery/warehouse request objects even if they have no change authorization.

**Other Terms**

Access control, Authorization error, Authorization profile, /SCDL/AF061, /SCDL/AF 061

**Reason and Prerequisites**

The user must at least have display authorization (ACTVT=03). If they do not have this authorization, the above symptom will also not occur.

**Solution**

*Implement the correction instruction.*

As after the correction, more strict authorization checks are in place. This may result in users encountering authorization check errors if they do not have the appropriate authorizations.

**Correction Instructions**

1. **Create the structure `/SCDL/BO_AUTH_CHECK_STR`.**
   - Call transaction `SE11`.
   - Enter `/SCDL/BO_AUTH_CHECK_STR` in the "Data type" field and choose "Create".
   - Select "Structure" from the dialog box that is displayed.
   - Enter the text "Objects for authorization check" in the "Short Description" field.
   - Go to the "Components" tab page and enter the following values for the component and component type:
     - `DOCCAT` and `/SCDL/DL_DOCCAT`
     - `DOCID` and `/SCDL/DL_DOCID`
     - `HEADER_CURRENT` and `/SCDL/CL_DL_HEADER`
   - Enter `/SCDL/BUSINESS_OBJECTS` as the package name.
   - Choose "Extras" → "Enhancement Category" and select "Cannot Be Enhanced".
   - Save and activate your entries.

2. **Create the table type `/SCDL/BO_AUTH_CHECK_TAB`.**
   - Call transaction `SE11`.
   - Enter `/SCDL/BO_AUTH_CHECK_TAB` in the "Data type" field and choose "Create".
   - Select "Table Type" from the dialog box that is displayed.
   - Enter the short description "Objects for authorization check".
   - Enter the line type `/SCDL/BO_AUTH_CHECK_STR`.
   - Save and activate your entries. Use `/SCDL/BUSINESS_OBJECTS` as the package.

3. **Change text of message `/SCDL/AF061`.**
   - Call transaction `SE91`.
   - Enter `/SCDL/AF` as the message class.
   - Enter `061` as the message number.
   - Click on "Change".
   - Enter "No authorization for warehouse request / delivery and activity '&1'" as the short text.
   - Save and activate the text.

**Side Effects**

This document is causing side effects:

- [2704459 - Delivery authorization check for activity 23 (Maintain) prevents end user to finish the process](https://me.sap.com/notes/0002704459)

**Download Links**

- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000013682432017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0002316942?language=en-US&token=0C25A797C9662789BC0108C3A6D16E62)

**Credits**

Information supported by [redrays.io](https://redrays.io).