1908562 - Potential information disclosure relating to SBOP Explorer

**SAP Security Note 1908562 - Potential information disclosure relating to SBOP Explorer**

**Type:** SAP Security Note  
**Version:** 2  
**Category:** Program error  
**Priority:** Correction with high priority  
**Status:** Released for Customer  
**Released On:** 10.12.2013  
**Component:** Business intelligence solutions > Reporting, analysis, and dashboards > Obsolete: Polestar, Explorer  
**Language:** English  
**Master Language:** English  
**Externally Reported:** Yes

### Symptom
An attacker can discover information relating to the CMS port used for SBOP BI PLATFORM. This information could be used to allow the attacker to specialize their attacks against the CMS and SBOP BI PLATFORM.

### CVSS Information
- **CVSS Base Score:** 5.0
- **CVSS Base Vector:** AV:N/AC:L/AU:N/C:P/I:N/A:N

SAP provides this CVSS base score as an estimate of the risk posed by the issue reported in this note. This estimate does not take into account your own system configuration or operational environment. It is not intended to replace any risk assessments you are advised to conduct when deciding on the applicability or priority of this SAP security note. For more information, see the FAQ section at [SAP Security Notes](https://service.sap.com/securitynotes/).

### Reason and Prerequisites
Information such as the landscape configuration can be discovered using SBOP Explorer. This information may be used by an attacker to further target the CMS of the SBOP BI PLATFORM.

### Solution
The solution is included in:
- 4.0 SP7 Patch1 and later
- 4.0 SP8
- 4.1 SP1 Patch1 and later
- 4.1 SP2

Additionally, you can edit the `default.settings` file (located in the `WEB-INF\classes` folder of the SBOP Explorer webapp) and set:
- `show.cms.name=false` 
**or**
- `disable.cms.name=true` 

By default, the value of `disable.cms.name` will be true after the fix. All logins will use the `default.cms.name` setting from the file even if it is changed in the XML sent to SBOP Explorer.

### Download and Print
- [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000017716752017)
- [PDF Version](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001908562?language=en-US&token=841C2AA8C441F1A4B216A7DE0DDC335E)

---

*Supported by [redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for providing the information.*