1462328 - Unauthorized modification of stored content in HTMLB Java

**Symptom**
The HTML Business for Java could be abused by a malicious user, who could modify application content, persist the modified content without authorization, and potentially obtain authentication information from other legitimate users.

**Other Terms**
Stored Cross-Site Scripting, XSS, HTML Business for Java, HTMLB

**Reason and Prerequisites**
HTMLB for Java requests result in a stored cross-site scripting issue. Stored cross-site scripting can be used to permanently modify displayed content from a website, allowing the malicious user to embed content that is rendered automatically, without the need to individually target victims. Stored cross-site scripting can also be used to steal another user's authentication information, such as data relating to their current session. An attacker who gains access to this data could use it to impersonate the user and access all information with the same rights as the target user. If an administrator is impersonated, the application's security could be fully compromised.

**Solution**
The issue described above will be fixed by an HTMLB for Java patch. In the section "SP Patch Level," you can find information on which patches contain the respective correction.

Please install this patch or a newer one (HTLMB patches are always cumulative).

### Downloading HTMLB for Java Patches
All HTMLB for Java patches are available on the [SAP Service Marketplace](https://me.sap.com/). Note 330793 explains how to download patches from the SAP Service Marketplace.

**Release Specific:**

- **NW04S / NW 7.00 / NW04S EhP1 / NW 7.01 / NW04S EhP2 / NW 7.02**
  - The patch for this release will be an SCA. Deploy the SCA directly using SDM.

**Recommendation for Portal Usage:**
In the "SP Patch Level" tab, please apply the relevant [EPBC2.SCA](https://me.sap.com/notes/0040000017020332017) available on the SAP Service Marketplace.

**Recommendation for Portal Independent Usage:**
In the "SP Patch Level" tab, please apply the relevant [SAPJTECHS.SCA](https://me.sap.com/notes/0040000017020332017) available on the SAP Service Marketplace.

**PDF Version:**
You can also view a PDF version of this note [here](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001462328?language=en-US&token=2018F6FCCE46550B1BFB9C54BC9FD976).

For more details and updates, visit the [SAP Support Portal](https://me.sap.com/).

*Thanks to [RedRays](https://redrays.io) for supporting and providing the information.*