1463392 - Potential disclosure, modification of persisted data in BRF+.

---

**Symptom**

A malicious user can exploit the BRFplus application by using specially crafted inputs to execute arbitrary database commands. This can lead to the retrieval, modification, or removal of data persisted by the system.

**Affected Component**

- **Software Component:** SAP_BASIS
- **Component Path:** Basis Components > Basis Services/Communication Interfaces > BRFplus - ABAP based Rule Framework

**Reason and Prerequisites**

The issue is caused by an SQL injection vulnerability. The application composes SQL statements that include strings susceptible to manipulation by malicious users. This allows the altered SQL statements to retrieve or modify additional information from the database.

**Solution**

A check has been implemented to ensure the validity of the trace table. To address the vulnerability, please implement the automatic corrections provided with the SAP Note.

**Manual Correction Instructions**

1. **Transaction:** SE91
2. **Message Class:** FDT_TRACE_INFO
3. **Message Number:** 205

   **Enter the following message short text:**
   ```
   "Invalid lean trace database table name"
   ```

4. **Save the changes.**

For detailed instructions and to download the SAP Note, visit the [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000008658102017) page or view the [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001463392?language=en-US&token=52153F5F82A429E041661490D4E2C476).

**References**

- [Automatic checks for security notes using RSECNOTE (outdated)](https://me.sap.com/notes/888889)

**Credits**

Thanks to [RedRays.io](https://redrays.io) for supporting the provision of this information.