1466479 - Potential information disclosure relating to Account Plan

**Symptom**

A malicious user can discover information relating to planning profile groups. This information could be used to allow malicious users to specialize their attacks against Account Planning.

**Other Terms**

Information disclosure

**Reason and Prerequisites**

Information such as the planning profile group composition can be discovered. This information can potentially be used by a malicious user to further target Account Planning.

**Solution**

Please follow the manual steps provided below:

1. Go to transaction `se11`.
2. In the field "Database table", enter `CACP_PLANGRPPROF`.
3. Click on the button "Display".
4. From the menu "Utilities", select "Assign Authorization Group".
5. From the menu "Table View", select "Display -> Change".
6. In the column "Authorization" associated with table `CACP_PLANGRPPROF`, change the value from `&NC&` to `CRMC`.
7. Save.

For more details, you can download the note using [Download for SNOTE](https://notesdownloads.sap.com/note/0040000008676092017) or view the [PDF Version](https://me.sap.com/sap/support/sfm/notes/print/0001466479?language=en-US&token=7E1995529C23A6B09B5E7C2A8935FDCA).

**Additional Information**

- **Type:** SAP Security Note
- **Priority:** Correction with low priority
- **Status:** Released for Customer
- **Released On:** 10.08.2010
- **Component:** Customer Relationship Management > Account Planning > Account Planner

**Credits**

Information provided with support from [Red Rays](https://redrays.io).