SAP Security Note 1961995 - Directory Traversal Vulnerability in /CCEE/SIFI_RFEBBART01

### Symptom

`/CCEE/SIFI_RFEBBART01` contains a vulnerability through which an attacker can potentially read arbitrary files on the remote server, possibly disclosing confidential information.

`/CCEE/SIFI_RFEBBART01` contains a vulnerability through which an attacker can potentially write arbitrary files to the remote server, possibly corrupting data or altering system behavior.

### Other Terms

- Directory traversal
- `/CCEE/SIFI_RFEBBART01`

### Reason and Prerequisites

`/CCEE/SIFI_RFEBBART01` fails to correctly validate the path used to reference a file read from the remote server. As a result, an attacker can potentially direct the program to an arbitrary other file in the system, disclosing its contents.

`/CCEE/SIFI_RFEBBART01` fails to correctly validate the path to which a user-submitted file is written. As a result, an attacker can potentially overwrite data in the remote system.

### Solution

As a general rule, SAP recommends installing a solution by applying a **Support Package**. However, if you need to install a solution earlier, use the **Note Assistant** and follow the instructions below:

1. Apply manual corrections as given in the attachment.
2. Apply code correction instructions from the note using transaction SNOTE.
3. For additional information and instructions see [Note 1497003](https://me.sap.com/notes/1497003). The corrections from Note 1497003 are a prerequisite for implementing this note.

The following logical file name has been created to enable the validation of physical file names: **/CCEE/SIFI**

**Recommendations for setting up logical file names:**

To avoid maintaining a high number of logical file names, some programs share the same logical file name. Using the same logical file name for various programs creates dependencies among these programs. To securely separate data created by different users and different programs, try to create a directory structure that reflects the user name and/or program name and use this information when setting up the physical path and file names for the logical file paths and file names.

You can find more information about the Note Assistant in SAP Service Marketplace, under [service.sap.com/note-assistant](https://me.sap.com/note-assistant).

### Attachments

- [Guide - Logical File Path, Name (SIFI).docx](https://userapps.support.sap.com/sap/support/sapnotes/public/services/attachment.htm?iv_key=012006153200000026132014&iv_version=0001&iv_guid=BFD9879B2BDCAC499B6941C5E42D855B)

*Credits to [Redrays.io](https://redrays.io) for support in providing this information.*